-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 MCPyaSjA2DxFJ1QL51L02o3b3iav4ED1kZVuO5gK1s9SFGm62Vd6TMAs4eDS/npu
 ApJt9xxZio+TAxELVU3XaQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001084869-06-000027.txt : 20060915
<SEC-HEADER>0001084869-06-000027.hdr.sgml : 20060915
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060915152025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001084869-06-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060702
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060915
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060915

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			1 800 FLOWERS COM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001084869
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				113117311
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0627

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26841
		FILM NUMBER:		061093331

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 STEWART AVE
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5162376000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 STEWART AVE
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ten.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

             X ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                     For the fiscal year ended July 2, 2006

                                       or

          ___ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                           Commission File No. 0-26841

                             1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                DELAWARE                                         11-3117311
     -------------------------------                             ----------
     (State or other jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer
      incorporation or organization)                         Identification No.)

                One Old Country Road, Carle Place, New York 11514
                -------------------------------------------------
               (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (516) 237-6000

    Title of each class                Name of each Exchange on which registered
Class A common stock, par value              The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.
     $0.01 per share

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      None


Indicate by check mark if the  registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes | | No |X|

Indicate  by  check  mark if the  registrant  is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes |_| No |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |X| No |_|

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best  of  the  registrant's   knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information
statements  incorporated  by  reference  in Part  III of this  Form  10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. |_|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large  accelerated  filer, an
accelerated  filer, or a  non-accelerated  filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large  accelerated  filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  (Check
one):
  Large accelerated filer |_|  Accelerated filer |X|  Non-accelerated filer |_|

Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes |_| No |X|

The aggregate market value of voting common stock held by  non-affiliates of the
Registrant,  based on the closing  price of the Class A common stock on December
30,  2005  as  reported  on  the  Nasdaq  National  Market,   was  approximately
$173,999,000.  Shares of common  stock held by each  officer and director and by
each  person  who owns 5% or more of the  outstanding  common  stock  have  been
excluded  from  this  computation  in that  such  persons  may be  deemed  to be
affiliates.  This  determination  of  affiliate  status  is  not  necessarily  a
conclusive  determination  for other purposes.  The Registrant does not have any
non-voting common equity outstanding.

                                   28,335.613
                                   ----------
  (Number of shares of class A common stock outstanding as of September 8, 2006)

                                   36,858,465
                                   ----------
  (Number of shares of class B common stock outstanding as of September 8, 2006)

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:
         Portions of the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement for the
               2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Definitive
               Proxy Statement) are incorporated by reference into
                            Part III of this Report.

<PAGE>


                             1-800-FLOWERS.COM, INC.
                                    FORM 10-K
                     For the fiscal year ended July 2, 2006

                                      INDEX


PART I
  Item 1.    Business                                                          1

  Item 1A.   Risk Factors                                                     11

  Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments                                        18

  Item 2.    Properties                                                       19

  Item 3.    Legal Proceedings                                                19

  Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders              19

PART II
  Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
             Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                22

  Item 6.    Selected Financial Data                                          23

  Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
             and Results of Operations                                        25

  Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       35

  Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                      35

  Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
             and Financial Disclosure                                         35

  Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures                                          35

  Item 9B.   Other Information                                                39

PART III
  Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant               39

  Item 11.   Executive Compensation                                           39

  Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
             Management and Related Stockholder Matters                       39

  Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                   39

  Item 14.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services                           39

Part IV

  Item 15.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                       40


  Signatures                                                                  41


<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1. BUSINESS

The Company

For more than 30 years,  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  Inc. - "Your Florist of Choice(R)" -
has been  providing  customers  around the world with the  freshest  flowers and
finest selection of plants,  gift baskets,  gourmet foods and  confections,  and
plush stuffed animals perfect for every  occasion.  1-800-FLOWERS.COM(R)  offers
the best of both worlds: exquisite,  florist-designed  arrangements individually
created by some of the nation's top floral artists and  hand-delivered  the same
day, and spectacular flowers delivered through its "Fresh From Our Growers(SM)"
program.

Customers can shop 1-800-FLOWERS.COM 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via the phone
or  Internet   (1-800-356-9377   or   www.1800flowers.com)   or  by  visiting  a
Company-operated   or  franchised  store.  Sales  and  Service  Specialists  are
available 24/7, and fast and reliable  delivery is offered same day, any day. As
always,   100  percent   satisfaction   and   freshness   is   guaranteed.   The
1-800-FLOWERS.COM  collection  of brands  also  includes  home  decor and garden
merchandise  from Plow & Hearth(R)  (1-800-627-1712  or  www.plowandhearth.com);
weather-themed    gifts    from    Wind    &    Weather(R)(1-800-922-9463     or
www.windandweather.com),   popcorn  and   specialty   treats  from  The  Popcorn
Factory(R)  (1-800-541-2676 or  www.thepopcornfactory.com);  exceptional cookies
and  baked  gifts  from  Cheryl&Co(R)  (1-800-443-8124  or www.cherylandco.com);
premium   chocolates  and   confections   from  Fannie  May  Confections  Brands
(www.fanniemay.com    and     www.harrylondon.com);     gourmet    foods    from
Greatfoods.com(R)  (www.greatfood.com),   children's  gifts  from  HearthSong(R)
(www.hearthsong.com)  and Magic Cabin(R)  (www.magiccabin.com);  wine gifts from
the WineTasting Network(R)  (www.ambrosiawine.com and www.winetasting.com);  and
gift baskets from 1-800-BASKETS.COM(R) (www.1800baskets.com).

1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc.  stock  is  traded on  the NASDAQ  market under  ticker
symbol FLWS.

References  in this Annual  Report on Form 10-K to  "1-800-FLOWERS.COM"  and the
"Company" refer to 1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. and its subsidiaries.  The Company's
principal  offices are located at One Old Country Road,  Suite 500, Carle Place,
NY 11514 and its telephone number at that location is (516) 237-6000.

The Origins of 1-800-FLOWERS.COM

The Company's  operations  began in 1976 when James F. McCann,  its Chairman and
Chief  Executive  Officer,  acquired a single  retail  florist in New York City,
which he  subsequently  expanded to a 14-store  chain.  Thereafter,  the Company
modified  its  business  strategy to take  advantage  of the rapid  emergence of
toll-free calling. The Company acquired the right to use the toll-free telephone
number  1-800-FLOWERS,  adopted  it as  its  corporate  identity  and  began  to
aggressively  build a national brand around it. The Company  believes it was one
of the first companies to embrace this new way of conducting business.

To support the growth of its toll-free business and to provide superior customer
service, the Company developed an operating infrastructure that incorporated the
best available technologies.  Over time, the Company implemented a sophisticated
transaction   processing   system  that   facilitated   rapid  order  entry  and
fulfillment, an advanced telecommunications system and multiple customer service
centers to handle increasing call volume.

To enable the Company to deliver products  reliably  nationwide on a same-day or
next-day basis and to market  pre-selected,  high-quality  floral products,  the
Company created  BloomNet(R),  a nationwide network including  independent local
florists selected for their high-quality products, superior customer service and
order fulfillment and delivery capabilities.

The Company's  online  presence has enabled it to expand the number and types of
products it can effectively offer to its customers. As a result, the Company has
developed  relationships  with customers who purchase  products for both a broad
range of  celebratory  gifting  occasions as well as for everyday  personal use.
Since 1995, the Company has broadened its product  offering to include  products
that a customer could expect to find in a high-end flower shop, including a wide
assortment of cut flowers and plants, candy, balloons,  plush toys, giftware and
gourmet gift baskets. In addition,  the Company has further expanded its product


                                       1
<PAGE>

offering  to  include  home  and  garden  merchandise  through  its  April  1998
acquisition of The Plow & Hearth, Inc.; unique and educational  children's gifts
through its  acquisition of the HearthSong and Magic Cabin product lines in June
2001 and,  more  recently,  weather-themed  gifts and  instruments  through  the
acquisition   of  Wind  &  Weather  in  October  2005.   The  Company  has  also
significantly expanded its presence in the food, wine and gift baskets  category
through  a  combination  of  organic  initiatives  and  strategic   acquisitions
beginning with the purchase of GreatFood.com, Inc. in November 1999, followed by
the purchase of certain assets of The Popcorn  Factory in May 2002, the addition
of wine gifts through the  acquisition  of The  WineTasting  Network in November
2004,  the addition of cookies and other bakery gift items  through the purchase
of Cheryl & Co. in March 2005 and, most recently  adding premium  chocolates and
confections with the acquisition of Fannie May Confections  Brands,  Inc. in May
2006.

The Company's Strategy

1-800-FLOWERS.COM's  objective is to become the leading  authority on thoughtful
gifting, to serve an expanding range of our customers celebratory needs, thereby
helping our  customers  connect with the  important  people in their lives.  The
Company will continue to build on the trusted  relationships  with our customers
by providing  them with ease of access,  tasteful  and  appropriate  gifts,  and
superior service.

The Company believes that 1-800-FLOWERS.COM is one of the most recognized brands
in the floral and gift  industry.  The  strength  of its brand has  enabled  the
Company  to extend  its  product  offerings  beyond  the  floral  category  into
complementary  products,  which include home and garden merchandise,  children's
toys and  games,  gourmet  popcorn,  cookies  and  related  baked and snack food
products,  premium  chocolate  and  confections,  as well as  wine  gifts.  This
extension  of product  offerings  through  its brands has enabled the Company to
increase  the  number of  purchases  and the  average  order  value by  existing
customers  who  have  come to  trust  the  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  brand,  as well as
continue to attract new customers.

The Company believes its brands are characterized by:

       o  Convenience. All of  the Company's product offerings can  be purchased
          either via the web, or  via the Company's toll-free telephone numbers,
          24 hours a day, seven days  a week, for those customers  who  prefer a
          personal gift advisor to assist them. The Company  offers a variety of
          delivery  options, including same-day  or next-day service  throughout
          the world.
       o  Quality. High-quality products are critical to the Company's continued
          brand strength and are integral to the brand loyalty that it has built
          over the years. The Company offers its customers  a 100%  satisfaction
          guarantee on all of its products.
       o  Delivery.  The  Company  has  developed  a  market-proven  fulfillment
          infrastructure  that  allows  delivery  on a  same-day,  next-day  and
          any-day  basis. Key  to  the  Company's fulfillment  capability is  an
          innovative  "hybrid" model  which  combines   BloomNet  (comprised  of
          independent  florists   operating   retail flower   shops  and   Local
          Fulfillment  or  Design   Centers ("LFC's"),   Company-owned   stores,
          LFC's,  and  franchise stores),  with  its  eight distribution centers
          located   in   California,  Illinois,  New  York,  Nevada,  Ohio,  and
          Virginia,  and third-party  vendors who ship directly to the Company's
          customers.  These fulfillment  points  are connected by  the Company's
          proprietary  "BloomLink"  communication  system,  a  secure  internet-
          based  system through which orders and related information are
          transmitted.
       o  Selection. Over  the course  of a  year, the Company offers more than
          2,000 varieties of fresh-cut  flowers, floral arrangements and plants,
          more  than  5,600 SKUs of  gifts, gourmet  foods,  cookies, chocolates
          and  wines,  approximately   14,700  different  SKUs   for  the  home,
          including garden  accessories,  casual lifestyle furnishings,  weather
          themed instruments and gift items, and unique and educational toys and
          games.
       o  Customer Service. The Company strives to ensure that customer service,
          whether online, via the  telephone, or in  one of its retail stores is
          of  the highest caliber. The Company  operates five  customer  service
          facilities to provide helpful  assistance on everything from advice on
          product selection to  the monitoring  of the fulfillment  and delivery
          process.

As part of the Company's continuing effort to serve the thoughtful gifting needs
of its customers,  and leverage its business platform,  where  appropriate,  the
Company  intends  to  market  other  high-quality  brands  in  addition  to  the
1-800-FLOWERS.COM  brand. The Company intends to accomplish this through organic
growth, and where appropriate,  through acquisition of complementary businesses.
In keeping with this  strategy,  in May 2006,  the Company  acquired  Fannie May
Confections   Brands,  Inc.  a  manufacturer  and  direct  retailer  of  premium
chocolates and confections, through its Fannie May(R), Harry London(R) and Fanny
Farmer(R)  brands,  while in March 2005,  the  Company  acquired  Cheryl&Co.,  a
manufacturer  and direct  marketer of premium  cookies  and  related  baked gift
items,  and in  November  2004,  The  Winetasting  Network,  a  distributor  and
direct-to-consumer marketer of wine. These acquisitions have enabled the Company

                                       2
<PAGE>

to more fully develop its food,  wine and gift baskets  product line,  which the
Company  has  identified  as having  significant  revenue  and  earnings  growth
potential.   In  November  2005,  the  Company   acquired  Wind  &  Weather,   a
direct-marketer  of weather-themed  instruments and gift items. In June 2001 the
Company acquired The Children's Group,  Inc.  including its two brands of unique
and educational children's toys and games, HearthSong and Magic Cabin, deepening
its  product  assortment  in the home and  children's  gift  category  which the
Company first  entered in 1998,  through its  acquisition  of The Plow & Hearth,
Inc., a direct marketer of home decor and garden merchandise. As a complement to
the Company's own brands and product lines, the Company has formed relationships
with Lenox(R), Waterford(R),  Swarovski(R),  Godiva(R),  Hershey's(R),  Gund(R),
Crabtree and Evelyn(R),  and Yankee Candle(R),  as well as developing  signature
products  with  renowned  celebrity  floral  artisans  in order to  provide  its
customers with  differentiated  signature products and further its position as a
destination for all of their gifting needs.

Having now  achieved a solid  base of  business,  through  organic  efforts  and
strategic acquisitions, management's current focus is on improving the Company's
earnings  performance  through a combination  of gross margin  improvement  from
expanded  overseas product  sourcing  and expected  manufacturing  efficiencies,
leveraging the Company's  operating platform to reduce operating  expenses,  and
changes  in   advertising   and  marketing   strategies   designed  to  increase
effectiveness.

The Company's Products

The Company offers a wide range of products, including fresh-cut flowers, floral
arrangements and plants, gifts, popcorn, gourmet foods, cookies, candy and wine,
home and garden merchandise and unique toys and games for children.  In addition
to selecting its core products,  the Company's  merchandising team works closely
with  manufacturers  and  suppliers to select and design  products that meet the
seasonal,  holiday and other special needs of its customers. For the years ended
July 2,  2006,  July 3, 2005,  and June 27,  2004,  the sale of floral  products
represented 50.6%,  52.7%, and 52.2% of total combined telephonic and online net
revenues, respectively.

The Company's  differentiated  and  value-added  product  offerings  creates the
opportunity  to have a  relationship  with customers who purchase items not only
for  gift-giving  occasions  but also for everyday  consumption.  The  Company's
merchandising  team works closely with manufacturers and suppliers to select and
design its floral,  gourmet foods and wine, home and garden and children's toys,
as well as other gift-related  products that accommodate our customers' needs to
celebrate a special occasion, convey a sentiment or cater to a casual lifestyle.
As part of this  continuing  effort,  the Company intends to continue to develop
differentiated  products  and  signature  collections  that our  customers  have
embraced and come to expect from us while we eliminate  marginal  performers our
product offerings.

Over the course of a year, the Company's product selection consists of:

Flowers & Plants.  The Company  offers more than 1,600  varieties  of  fresh-cut
flowers and floral  arrangements  for all occasions and holidays,  available for
same-day  delivery.  The Company provides its customers with a choice of florist
designed  products,  flowers delivered through its "Fresh From Our Growers (SM)"
program, and most recently, the Company expanded its successful "celebrity" gift
collections, including the unique floral creations of Jane Carroll, Julie McCann
Mulligan, Jane Packer, Preston Bailey and Nico De Swert. The Company also offers
approximately  400  varieties  of popular  plants to  brighten  the home  and/or
office, and accent gardens and landscapes.

Gourmet Foods,  Wine and Gifts. The Company offers more than 800 premium popcorn
and  specialty  snack  products  from  The  Popcorn  Factory  brand,  as well as
approximately  400 carefully  selected  gourmet food and sweet products from the
GreatFood.com brand. Additionally, the Company has more than 900 premium cookies
and baked gift items from Cheryl & Co.,  which are  delivered in  beautiful  and
innovative  gift baskets and containers,  providing  customers with a variety of
assortments  to  choose from.  Through  the  Winetasting  Network,  the  Company
now offers  its  customer   more  than  500  different   wines,  primarily  from
the prestigious  wine  regions  in  California.  Currently,  restrictions  exist
in many states regarding  interstate  shipment of wine. As such, these items are
only  available in selected  states.  Most  recently,  in May 2006,  through the
acquisition of Fannie May Confections  Brands, Inc. the Company offers more than
1,000 different selections of premium chocolate and candy. Many of the Company's
gourmet products can be packaged  in  seasonal, occasion  specific or decorative

                                       3
<PAGE>


tins, fitting the "giftable" requirement of our individual customers, while also
adding the  capability  to  customize  the tins with  corporate  logos and other
personalized  features for the Company's corporate customer's gifting needs. The
Company offers more than 500 specially selected gift items, including plush toys
from Gund(R), balloons, bath and spa items and gift baskets, candles from Yankee
Candle(R), wreaths, ornaments, collectibles, home accessories and giftware.

Home and Children's Gifts. Through the Company's Plow & Hearth brands, including
most recently  added Wind & Weather in November  2005,  the Company  offers more
than  7,800 SKUs for the home,  hearth  and  outdoor  living,  including  casual
lifestyle  furniture  and home  accessories,  clothing,  footwear,  candles  and
lighting,  vases,  kitchen items and accents and  approximately  2,500 gardening
items,  including tools and  accessories,  pottery,  nature and  weather-related
products,  books and related  products.  Through the  HearthSong and Magic Cabin
brands,  the  Company  offers  over 4,200  products,  including  environmentally
friendly toys, plush stuffed animals, crafts and books with educational,  nature
and art themes, as well as,  natural-fiber  soft dolls, kits and accessories for
children ages 3 through 12.

Marketing and Promotion

The Company's  marketing and  promotion  strategy is designed to strengthen  the
1-800-FLOWERS.COM brands, increase customer acquisition, build customer loyalty,
and  encourage  repeat  purchases.  The  Company's  goal is to make  its  brands
synonymous with thoughtful  gifting. To do this, the Company intends to continue
to invest in its brands and  acquisition  of new  customers  through  the use of
selective  on  and  off-line  media,  direct  marketing,  public  relations  and
strategic internet  relationships,  while  cost-effectively  capitalizing on the
Company's large and loyal customer base.

Enhance  its  Customer   Relationships.   The  Company  intends  to  deepen  its
relationship  with its customers and be their trusted  resource to fulfill their
need for  quality,  tasteful  gifts.  We plan to  encourage  more  frequent  and
extensive use of our branded Web sites, by continuing to provide product-related
content  and  interactive  features  which will  enable the Company to reach its
customers during non-holiday periods,  thereby increasing everyday purchases for
birthday's,  anniversaries,  weddings,  and  sympathy.  Through  customer  panel
research,  the  1-800-Flowers.com  brand  introduced  a number of new  signature
products during fiscal 2006 designed to increase  everyday  purchases.  From its
celebrity floral artisan collection to the successful launch of its "Happy Hour"
collection  of margarita,  martini and daiquiri  inspired  floral  arrangements,
which were advertised using innovative outdoor bus and billboard campaigns,  the
Company's  marketing and product  offerings  continue to evolve to meet consumer
needs.  The  Company  will also  continue  to improve  its  customers'  shopping
experience by personalizing the features of its Web site and, in compliance with
the Company's privacy policy,  utilizing customer  information to target product
promotions,  identify  individual  and mass market  consumption  trends,  remind
customers  of  upcoming  occasions  and  convey  other  marketing  messages.  In
addition, the Company plans to drive purchase frequency improvements through the
use of loyalty,  thank-you and reminder  programs,  as well as targeting catalog
content and mailings based on consumers changing purchasing habits. For example,
during fiscal 2006, the  1-800-Flowers.com  brand introduced its Fresh Rewards
Program(R)   whereby  customers  earn  credit  towards  future  purchases  upon
achieving  targeted  spending  levels.  As of July 2, 2006, the Company's  total
database of unique customers  numbered  approximately 28.0 million (13.6 million
of which have transacted business with the Company within the past 36 months).

Through  its  Business  Gift  Services  division,  the  Company  believes it has
significant  opportunity  to expand its  corporate  customer  base and  leverage
existing and/or develop  successful  gifting programs with corporate  customers,
many of which are included in the Fortune 1000,  such as AT&T,  Bank of America,
General Electric, IBM, Verizon, Honeywell, Microsoft, Hewlett Packard, Ford, and
UPS, to name a few.  These  programs  focus on developing  and/or  strengthening
strategic  partnerships  through the  coordinated  development of customized and
personalized gifts for their clients and employees, and are tailored to meet the
needs of small,  mid-sized and large businesses.  The Company helps its partners
manage the Life Celebrations at Work(SM) programs,  which include occasions such
as Sympathy, Get Well, Anniversary,  Birthday,  Thank You and other daily floral
needs.  Additionally,  through the many brands  supported  by the  Company,  the
Business Gift Services division supports partners' holiday gifting,  rewards and
recognition programs,  conferences and events, as well as client acquisition and
customer retention programs to support their growth strategies.

Increase  the  Number of Online  Customers.  Online  transactions  are more cost
efficient to process.  Although the Company  expects its customers to choose the
most convenient  channel  available to them at the time of their  purchase,  the


                                       4
<PAGE>

Company expects its trend of online growth to continue. In order to maximize the
value of this trend, the Company intends to continue to:

         o  further build  brand  awareness to  drive customers  directly to the
            Company's  URLs, further  reducing reliance on internet  portals and
            search engines; currently, greater than 70% of online revenues comes
            directly to the Company's websites;
         o  cost effectively  promote  its  Web site  through  internet portals,
            online networks and search engines and affiliates;
         o  aggressively  market   the  Company's  Web  site  in  its  marketing
            campaigns;
         o  facilitate  access to  the  Company's  Web site  for  its  corporate
            customers by implementing direct links from their internal corporate
            networks, and develop  customized co-branded micro-sites  for larger
            corporate partners; and
         o  actively  promote  the  Company's  Fresh  Rewards loyalty program to
            increase customer frequency and average order value.

In order to attract new customers and to increase purchase frequency and average
order value of existing customers, the  Company markets  and promotes its brands
and products as follows:

Direct Mail and  Catalogs.  The  Company  uses its direct  mail  promotions  and
catalogs  to  increase  the number of new  customers  and to  increase  purchase
frequency of its existing customers.  Through the use of the Plow & Hearth, Wind
& Weather,  HearthSong,  Magic Cabin, Popcorn Factory and Cheryl & Co. catalogs,
the  Company  can  utilize  its  extensive   customer  database  to  effectively
cross-promote  its products.  In addition to providing a direct sale  mechanism,
these catalogs drive on-line sales and will attract additional  customers to the
Company's  Web sites.  For the year ended July 2, 2006,  the  Company  mailed in
excess of 130 million branded catalogs.

Off-line Media. The Company utilizes off-line media, including television, radio
and print to market its  1-800-Flowers.com  brand and products.  Off-line  media
allows the Company to reach a large number of customers and to target particular
market segments.

The Company's Strategic Online Relationships.  The Company promotes its products
through strategic  relationships  with leading internet portals,  search engines
and online networks.  The Company's online relationships  include, among others,
AOL, Yahoo!, Microsoft, Google and Overture.

Affiliate and Co-Marketing  Promotions.  In addition to securing  alliances with
frequently  visited Web sites, the Company  developed an affiliate  network that
includes   thousands  of  Web  sites  operated  by  third   parties.   Affiliate
participation may be terminated by them or by the Company at any time. These Web
sites earn commissions on purchases made by customers  referred from their sites
to the  Company's  Web  site.  In order to  expand  the  reach of its  marketing
programs and stretch its marketing dollars, the Company has established a number
of  co-marketing  relationships  and  promotions to advertise its products.  For
example,  the Company has established  co-marketing  arrangements with American,
United and Delta Airlines,  as well as Upromise,  Capital One, American Express,
VISA and MasterCard, among others.

E-mails.  The  Company  is  able  to  capitalize  on its  customer  database  of
approximately  28.0  million  unique  customers  (13.6  million  of  which  have
transacted business with the Company within the past 36 months), 11.8 million of
which have  transacted  business with the Company  on-line (7.6 million of which
have transacted  business with the Company online within the past 36 months), by
utilizing  cost-effective,  targeted  e-mails  to notify  customers  of  product
promotions, remind them of upcoming gifting occasions and convey other marketing
messages.

The Company's Web Sites

The Company offers floral,  plant,  gift baskets,  gourmet foods,  chocolate and
candies,  plush and specialty gift products  through its  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  Web
site  (www.1800flowers.com).  Customers  can come to the web site directly or be
linked by one of the Company's  portal  providers,  search engine,  or affiliate
relationships.  These include AOL (keyword:flowers),  Yahoo!, Microsoft,  Google
and Overture,  as  well as  thousands of  its online  affiliate program members.
The Company  also  offers  home  and  garden  products  through   Plow &  Hearth

                                       5
<PAGE>

(www.plowandhearth.com),   weather-themed   gifts   through   Wind   &   Weather
(www.windandweather.com)  premium  chocolates  and  confections  from Fannie May
Confections Brands  (www.fanniemay.com  and  www.harrylondon.com),  gourmet food
products  through   GreatFood.com   (www.greatfood.com),   premium  popcorn  and
specialty food products through The Popcorn Factory (www.thepopcornfactory.com),
exceptional baked cookies and baked gifts from Cheryl&Co. (www.cherylandco.com),
children's  gifts through its  HearthSong  (www.hearthsong.com)  and Magic Cabin
(www.magiccabin.com),    and   wine   gifts   from   The   Winetasting   Network
(www.ambrosiawine.com  and  www.winetasting.com)  web sites. Greater than 70% of
online revenues are derived from traffic coming directly to one of the Company's
Universal Resource Locators ("URL's").

The  Company's  web sites allow  customers  to easily  browse and  purchase  its
products,  promote brand loyalty and encourage  repeat purchases by providing an
inviting customer  experience.  The Company's web sites offer customers detailed
product information, complete with photographs,  personalized shopping services,
including  search  and  order  tracking,  contests,   sweepstakes,   gift-giving
suggestions  and  reminder   programs,   home  decorating  and  how-to-tips  and
information  about special  events and offers.  The Company has designed its Web
sites to be fast,  secure and easy to use and allows customers to order products
with minimal effort.  The Company's Web sites include the following key features
in addition to the variety of delivery and shipping  options (same day/next day)
and 24 hour/7 day customer service that are available to all its customers:

Technology Infrastructure

The Company  believes it has been and  continues to be a leader in  implementing
new  technologies  and systems to give its customers the best possible  shopping
experience,  whether online or over the telephone. Through the use of customized
software  applications,  the  Company  is able to  retrieve,  sort  and  analyze
customer  information  to enable it to better serve its customers and target its
product  offerings.  The Company's online and telephonic orders are fed directly
from the Company's  secure Web sites,  or with the assistance of a gift advisor,
into a transaction  processing  system which captures the required  customer and
recipient  information.  The system  then  routes  the order to the  appropriate
Company  warehouse,  or for florist fulfilled or drop-shipped  items,  selects a
vendor  to  fulfill  the  customer's  order  and  electronically  transmits  the
necessary information using BloomLink,  the Company's proprietary  communication
system,  assuring timely delivery. In addition, the Company's gift advisors have
electronic  access to this system,  enabling them to assist in order fulfillment
and subsequently track other customer and/or order information.

In prior  years,  the  Company  has  invested  heavily  in  building  a scalable
technology  platform to support the Company's  order volume growth.  The Company
employs  a  combination  of  in-house   personnel  which   concentrate  on  core
competencies,  including  strategic  direction and system and project management
and implementation.  However,  during fiscal 2006, the Company began outsourcing
certain  of its  programming  and  support  services  in order to  achieve  cost
efficiencies,  allowing the Company to focus its resources on customer  specific
projects to ensure an enjoyable  shopping  experience  while providing  improved
operational flexibility, additional capacity and system redundancy.

The Company's technology  infrastructure,  primarily consisting of the Company's
Web sites,  transaction  processing,  customer databases and  telecommunications
systems,  is built and maintained for  reliability,  security,  scalability  and
flexibility.  To  minimize  the risk of service  interruptions  from  unexpected
component or telecommunications  failure,  maintenance and upgrades, the Company
has built full  back-up and system  redundancies  into those  components  of its
systems that have been identified as critical.  The Company plans to continue to
invest  in  technologies  that  will  improve  and  expand  its  e-commerce  and
telecommunication   capabilities  and  utilize  its   informational   technology
expertise to improve the  technology  infrastructure  of its  recently  acquired
businesses  to  accommodate  anticipated  growth and  improve  their  customers'
shopping experiences.

Fulfillment and Manufacturing Operations

The Company's  customers  primarily place their orders either online or over the
telephone.  The  Company's  development  of a hybrid  fulfillment  system  which
enables the Company to offer same-day,  next-day and any-day delivery,  combines
the use of BloomNet  (comprised of independent  florists operating retail flower
shops and LFC's, Company-owned stores and LFC's, and franchise stores), with the
Company-owned  distribution  centers and brand-name vendors who ship directly to



                                       6
<PAGE>
the Company's customers.  While providing a significant competitive advantage in
terms of delivery options,  the Company's  fulfillment system also has the added
benefit  of  reducing  the  Company's  capital   investments  in  inventory  and
infrastructure.  All of the Company's products are backed by a 100% satisfaction
guarantee, and the Company's business is not dependent on any single third-party
supplier.

To ensure reliable and efficient  communication of online and telephonic  orders
to  its   BloomNet   members   and  third  party  gift   vendors,   the  Company
internally-developed  BloomLink(R),  a  proprietary  and  secure  internet-based
communications system which is available to all BloomNet members and third-party
gift  vendors.  The Company  also has the  ability to arrange for  international
delivery  of floral  products  through  independent  wire  services  and  direct
relationships.

The  Company  intends  to  improve  its  fulfillment  capabilities  to make  its
operations more efficient by:

        o strengthening relationships  and increasing  the number of its vendors
          and  BloomNet member  florists, as  appropriate, to ensure  geographic
          coverage and shorten delivery times;
        o continuing to improve warehousing  operations and  reduce  fulfillment
          times in  support of  its floral, gifts, gourmet food  and  wines, and
          home product lines; and
        o expanding the use  of cross-dock logistics, and work  with  additional
          third party  carriers  to  increase  volume  capability and  utilizing
          cross brand fulfillment capabilities to mitigate the  impact  of  fuel
          cost increases.

Fulfillment of products is as follows:

Flowers and Plants.  A majority of the Company's  floral orders are fulfilled by
one of the  Company's  BloomNet  members,  allowing  the  Company to deliver its
floral products on a same-day or next-day basis to ensure  freshness and to meet
its customers' need for immediate  gifting.  In addition,  the Company is better
positioned to ensure  consistent  product quality and  presentation  and offer a
greater  variety of  arrangements,  which  creates a better  experience  for its
customers and gift recipients.  The Company selects retail florists for BloomNet
based upon the florist's design staff, facilities, quality of floral processing,
and delivery  capabilities and allocates orders to members within a geographical
area based on historical  performance of the florist in fulfilling  orders,  and
the  number  of  BloomNet  florists  currently  serving  the area.  The  Company
regularly monitors BloomNet florists' performance and adherence to the Company's
quality standards to ensure proper fulfillment.

The Company's  relationships with its BloomNet members are  non-exclusive.  Many
florists,  including  many BloomNet  florists,  also are members of other floral
fulfillment  organizations.  The BloomNet agreements generally are cancelable by
either party with ten days notification and do not guarantee any orders,  dollar
amounts or  exclusive  territories  from the Company to the  florist.  In fiscal
2001,  the Company  began  entering  into Order  Fulfillment  Agreement(s)  with
selected  BloomNet members to operate LFC's in high volume markets to facilitate
the fulfillment of the Company's floral and gift orders, improving the economics
of florist  fulfilled  transactions,  and  improving  the  Company's  ability to
control  product  quality  and  branding.  As of July 2, 2006,  the  Company had
entered  into  approximately  66  Order  Fulfillment  Agreements  with  selected
BloomNet  members  to  operate  LFC's,  providing  coverage  of all  significant
population centers across the United States. Generally, these agreements provide
for  a  three-year  term,  terminable  upon  30  days  notice  upon  breach  and
immediately  by the  Company in the event of certain  specified  defaults by the
operator  of  the  LFC.  In   consideration   of  the  operator's   satisfactory
performance, the Company agrees to use reasonable efforts to forward orders with
a specified  minimum  merchandise  value during each year of the agreement.  The
Company has not granted an exclusive territory to any operator.

In  certain  instances,  the  Company is  required  to  fulfill  orders  through
non-BloomNet  members,  and  transmits these  orders to  the fulfilling  florist
using the communication system of an independent wire service or via telephone.

In addition to its Florist Designed product, the Company offers its customers an
alternative to florist designed  products through its Fresh From Our Growers(SM)
program and by providing  for a full array of products  from  bouquets to unique
floral celebrity expert designed products.

As of July 2, 2006,  the  Company  operates  15 floral  retail  stores,  located
primarily in the New York and Los Angeles  metropolitan  areas and 8 fulfillment
centers. In addition, the Company has 85 franchised stores, located primarily in


                                       7
<PAGE>

California,  Colorado,  New York and Texas.  Company-owned stores serve as local
points of fulfillment  and enable the Company to test new products and marketing
programs.

Gourmet Foods,  Wine and Gifts. In order to take advantage of improved  margins,
better control  quality and to offer premium branded  signature  products in the
Food, Wine and Gift product category, which was identified by the Company as one
of its  fastest  growing  and most  profitable  product  lines,  the Company has
recently acquired several gourmet food retailers with manufacturing  operations.
The Company's  premium  chocolates are  manufactured  and  distributed  from its
200,000 square foot production facility in Akron, Ohio, and the Company's cookie
and  baked  gifts  are  fulfilled   from  its  51,000  square  foot  baking  and
distribution center in Westerville,  Ohio, while its premium popcorn and related
snack products are shipped from the Company's 148,000 square foot  manufacturing
and  distribution  center located in Lake Forest,  Illinois.  Most wine gift and
fulfillment  services  are provided  through the  Company's  52,000  square foot
fulfillment center in Napa, California.  The remainder of the Company's wine and
wine-related  items are fulfilled by third-party gift vendors that ship products
directly to the  customer by next-day or other  delivery  options  chosen by the
customer.

Home  and  Children's  Gifts.  The  Company  packages  and  ships  its  home and
children's  gift products  primarily from its 300,000  square foot  distribution
center  located  in  Madison,  Virginia,  or through  its  200,000  square  foot
distribution center in Vandalia,  Ohio or by third-party product suppliers using
next-day or other delivery options selected by the customer.

BloomNet Business

In order to further  strengthen its florist designed  fulfillment  capabilities,
and to compete in the  profitable  florist-to-florist  business,  during  fiscal
2005,  the  Company  began  expanding  its  network of  BloomNet  florists.  The
Company's  BloomNet  business  provides its members with  products and services,
including:  (i) clearinghouse  services,  consisting of the settlement of orders
between sending florists (including the  1-800-Flowers.com  brand) and receiving
florists,   (ii)  advertising,   in  the  form  of  member  directories,   (iii)
communication  services, by which BloomNet florists are able to send and receive
orders  and  communicate  between  members,   using  Bloomlink,   the  Company's
proprietary electronic  communication system, and (iv) wholesale products, which
consist of branded and non-branded floral supplies,  enabling member florists to
reduce  their  costs  through  1-800-Flowers  purchasing  leverage,  while  also
ensuring that member  florists will be able to fulfill  1-800-Flowers.com  brand
orders based on recipe specifications.  While maintaining  industry-high quality
standards for its 1-800-Flowers.com brand customers, the Company offers florists
a compelling value proposition, offering products and services that its florists
need to grow  their  business  and to  enhance  profitability.  After a two year
period of  investment,  during which time the Company  increased its  membership
from a base of approximately 3,000 members, to approximately 9,000 members as of
July 2,  2006,  the  Company  expects  that  BloomNet  operations  will begin to
generate increasing profitability during fiscal 2007.

Business Category Reorganization

With the addition of Fannie May Confections Brands and the growing importance of
BloomNet to the Company's  operating  results,  the Company plans to restructure
its  organization  in  fiscal  2007 in order to  strengthen  its  execution  and
customer focus,  and align resources to better meet the demands of the consumers
that it serves and to deliver  improved  financial  performance.  To enhance the
visibility of the growth and profit  characteristics  of its different  business
categories,  the Company will provide results for its Consumer Floral, BloomNet,
Home & Children's Gifts, and Food, Wine and Gift Baskets businesses.

Since the reorganization  will not become effective until after fiscal 2006, the
descriptions  of the  Company's  business  and its  financial  reporting in this
report will be based on the  Company's  organization  as in effect during fiscal
2006.

Seasonality

The Company's quarterly results may experience seasonal fluctuations. Due to the
Company's expansion into non-floral products,  including the acquisitions of The
Winetasting  Network and Cheryl & Co.  during  fiscal  2005,  as well as, Wind &
Weather and Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc. in fiscal 2006, the Thanksgiving
through Christmas holiday season, which falls within the Company's second fiscal
quarter, generates the highest proportion of the Company's annual revenues.

                                       8
<PAGE>

In  addition,  as the  result of a number  of major  floral  gifting  occasions,
including Mother's Day,  Administrative  Professionals Week and Easter, revenues
also rise during the Company's  fiscal fourth quarter.  Finally,  results during
the  Company's  fiscal  first  quarter  will  be  negatively   impacted  by  the
aforementioned  acquisitions  due to their seasonal  nature and the  incremental
overhead incurred during this slow period.

Competition

The growing  popularity and convenience of e-commerce has continued to give rise
to established businesses on the Internet. In addition to selling their products
over the  Internet,  many of these  retailers  sell  their  products  through  a
combination of channels by maintaining a Web site, a toll-free  phone number and
physical locations.  Additionally, several of these merchants offer an expanding
variety of products and some are  attracting an increasing  number of customers.
Certain mass  merchants  have  expanded  their  offerings  to include  competing
products and may continue to do so in the future. These mass merchants,  as well
as other potential competitors, may be able to:

        o undertake  more extensive  marketing  campaigns for  their  brands and
          services;
        o adopt more aggressive pricing policies; and
        o make more attractive offers to  potential  employees, distributors and
          retailers.

In addition,  the Company faces intense  competition  in each of its  individual
product  categories.  In the floral  industry,  there are various  providers  of
floral  products,  none of which is  dominant  in the  industry.  The  Company's
competitors include:

        o retail floral shops, some of which maintain toll-free telephone
          numbers and websites;
        o online floral retailers;
        o catalog companies that offer floral products;
        o floral telemarketers and wire services; and
        o supermarkets, mass merchants and specialty retailers with floral
          departments.

Similarly,  the  plant,  gift  basket,  gourmet  foods and wine,  unique  gifts,
children's toys and home and garden categories are highly  competitive.  Each of
these categories  encompasses a wide range of products, is highly fragmented and
is served by a large number of companies, none of which is dominant. Products in
these  categories  may be  purchased  from a number of outlets,  including  mass
merchants,   telemarketers,   retail  specialty  shops,   online  retailers  and
mail-order catalogs.

The Company  believes the strength of its brands,  product  selection,  customer
relationships,  technology  infrastructure and fulfillment capabilities position
it to compete effectively against its current and potential  competitors in each
of its product categories. However, increased competition could result in:

        o price reductions, decreased revenues and lower profit margins;
        o loss of market share; and
        o increased marketing expenditures.

These and other competitive factors may adversely  impact the Company's business
and results of operations.

Government Regulation and Legal Uncertainties

The  Internet  continues to evolve and there are laws and  regulations  directly
applicable to e-commerce. Legislatures are also considering an increasing number
of  laws  and  regulations  pertaining  to  the  Internet,  including  laws  and
regulations addressing:

        o user privacy;
        o pricing;
        o content;
        o connectivity;
        o intellectual property;
        o distribution;


                                       9
<PAGE>


        o taxation;
        o liabilities;
        o antitrust; and
        o characteristics and quality of products and services.

Further, the growth and development of the market for online services may prompt
more stringent  consumer  protection laws that may impose additional  burdens on
those companies  conducting business online. The adoption of any additional laws
or  regulations  may impair  the growth of the  Internet  or  commercial  online
services. This could decrease the demand for the Company's services and increase
its cost of doing  business.  Moreover,  the  applicability  to the  Internet of
existing  laws  regarding  issues  like  property  ownership,  taxes,  libel and
personal  privacy is uncertain.  Any new  legislation or regulation  that has an
adverse  impact  on the  Internet  or  the  application  of  existing  laws  and
regulations  to  the  Internet  could  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

States or foreign countries might attempt to regulate the Company's  business or
levy  additional  sales or other taxes relating to its  activities.  Because the
Company's  products and services are available over the Internet anywhere in the
world,  multiple  jurisdictions  may claim that the  Company is  required  to do
business as a foreign corporation in one or more of those jurisdictions. Failure
to qualify  as a foreign  corporation  in a  jurisdiction  where the  Company is
required  to do so could  subject it to taxes and  penalties.  States or foreign
governments may charge the Company with violations of local laws.

Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights

The Company regards its service marks,  trademarks,  trade secrets, domain names
and similar  intellectual  property as critical to its success.  The Company has
applied for or received  trademark and/or service mark  registration  for, among
others, "1-800-FLOWERS.COM", "1-800-FLOWERS", "Plow & Hearth", "Wind & Weather",
"GreatFood.com",  "The Popcorn  Factory",  "TheGift.com",  "HearthSong",  "Magic
Cabin",  "Winetasting Network",  "Cheryl&Co.",  "Fannie May" and "Harry London".
The   Company   also  has   rights   to   numerous   domain   names,   including
www.1800flowers.com, www.800flowers.com, www.flowers.com, www.plowandhearth.com,
www.windandweather.com,     www.greatfood.com,        www.thepopcornfactory.com,
www.hearthsong.com,          www.magiccabin.com,           www.ambrosiawine.com,
www.winetasting.com,       www.cherylandco.com,       www.fanniemay.com      and
www.harrylondon.com.   In  addition,   the  Company  has  developed  transaction
processing  and operating  systems as well as marketing  data,  and customer and
recipient information databases.

The Company  relies on trademark,  unfair  competition  and copyright law, trade
secret protection and contracts such as  confidentiality  and license agreements
with its  employees,  customers,  vendors and others to protect its  proprietary
rights. Despite the Company's precautions, it may be possible for competitors to
obtain and/or use the Company's proprietary information without authorization or
to develop  technologies  similar to the  Company's and  independently  create a
similarly functioning infrastructure. Furthermore, the protection of proprietary
rights in Internet-related  industries is uncertain and still evolving. The laws
of some foreign countries do not protect  proprietary  rights to the same extent
as do the laws of the United  States.  The  Company's  means of  protecting  its
proprietary rights in the United States or abroad may not be adequate.

The  Company  intends to  continue  to license  technology  from third  parties,
including Oracle, Microsoft, Verizon and AT&T, for its communications technology
and the software that underlies its business systems. The market is evolving and
the Company may need to license additional  technologies to remain  competitive.
The  Company  may not be able to  license  these  technologies  on  commercially
reasonable terms or at all.

Third  parties  have in the past  infringed  or  misappropriated  the  Company's
intellectual  property  or similar  proprietary  rights.  The  Company  believes
infringements and  misappropriations  will continue to occur in the future.  The
Company intends to police against  infringement and  misappropriation.  However,
the Company  cannot  guarantee  it will be able to enforce its rights and enjoin
the alleged infringers from their use of confusingly similar trademarks, service
marks, telephone numbers and domain names.


                                       10

<PAGE>


In addition,  third parties may assert  infringement claims against the Company.
The Company cannot be certain that its technologies or its products and services
do not infringe  valid  patents,  trademarks,  copyrights  or other  proprietary
rights held by third  parties.  The Company may be subject to legal  proceedings
and claims  from time to time  relating  to its  intellectual  property  and the
intellectual  property  of  others  in the  ordinary  course  of  its  business.
Intellectual  property  litigation  is expensive  and  time-consuming  and could
divert management resources away from running the Company's business.

Employees

As of July 2, 2006,  the  Company  had a total of  approximately  3,700 full and
part-time employees.  During peak periods, the Company  substantially  increases
the  number of  customer  service,  manufacturing  and  retail  and  fulfillment
personnel.   The  Company's  personnel  are  not  represented  under  collective
bargaining agreements and the Company considers its relations with its employees
to be good.

Item 1A. Risk Factors

Cautionary Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

Our  disclosures  and analysis in this Form 10-K  contain  some  forward-looking
statements that set forth  anticipated  results based on management's  plans and
assumptions.  From time to time, we also provide  forward-looking  statements in
other  statements  we  release  to the  public  as well as oral  forward-looking
statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future
events;  they do not relate  strictly to  historical or current  facts.  We have
tried,  wherever  possible,  to identify such  statements by using words such as
"anticipate,"  "estimate,"  "expect," "project," "intend," "plan,  "believe" and
similar  expressions in connection  with any  discussion of future  operating or
financial  performance.  In  particular,  these include  statements  relating to
future actions; the effectiveness of our marketing programs;  the performance of
our existing products and services;  our ability to attract and retain customers
and  expand  our  customer  base;  our  ability  to enter  into or renew  online
marketing agreements; our ability to respond to competitive pressures; expenses,
including  shipping  costs and the costs of  marketing  our  current  and future
products and services; the outcome of contingencies, including legal proceedings
in the normal course of business; and our ability to integrate acquisitions.

We  cannot  guarantee  that  any  forward-looking  statement  will be  realized,
although  we  believe  we  have  been  prudent  in our  plans  and  assumptions.
Achievement of future results is subject to risk,  uncertainties and potentially
inaccurate   assumptions.   Should  known  or  unknown  risks  or  uncertainties
materialize,  or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate,  actual results
could differ  materially from past results and those  anticipated,  estimated or
projected.  You  should  bear  this  in  mind as you  consider  forward  looking
statements.

We  undertake  no  obligation  to publicly  update  forward-looking  statements,
whether as a result of new  information,  future  events or  otherwise.  You are
advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects
in our 10-Q and 8-K  reports  to the SEC.  Also note we  provide  the  following
cautionary   discussion  of  risks,   uncertainties   and  possibly   inaccurate
assumptions relevant to our business. These are factors that, individually or in
the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from
expected  and  historical  results.  We note  these  factors  for  investors  as
permitted by the Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of 1995. You should
understand  that it is not  possible  to predict or identify  all such  factors.
Consequently,  you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion
of all potential risks and uncertainties.

The Company's operating results may fluctuate,  and this fluctuation could cause
financial results to be below expectations.  The Company's operating results may
fluctuate  from  period to period  for a number of  reasons.  In  budgeting  the
Company's  operating  expenses for the foreseeable  future,  the Company assumes
that revenues will continue to grow;  however,  some of the Company's  operating
expenses  are fixed in the  short  term.  Sales of the  Company's  products  are
seasonal,  concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter,  due to the Thanksgiving
and Christmas-time  holidays,  and the second calendar quarter,  due to Mother's
Day and Administrative  Professionals'  Week. In anticipation of increased sales
activity  during  these  periods,  the  Company  hires a  significant  number of
temporary  employees to supplement its permanent staff and the Company increases
its inventory levels. If revenues during these periods do not meet the Company's
expectations,  it may not generate  sufficient revenue to offset these increased
costs and its operating results may suffer.


                                       11
<PAGE>


The Company's  quarterly  operating results may significantly  fluctuate and you
should not rely on them as an  indication of its future  results.  The Company's
future revenues and results of operations may  significantly  fluctuate due to a
combination of factors,  many of which are outside of management's  control. The
most important of these factors include:

        o seasonality;
        o the retail economy;
        o the timing and effectiveness of marketing programs;
        o the timing of the introduction of new products and services;
        o the Company's ability to find and maintain reliable sources for
          certain of its products;
        o the timing and effectiveness of capital expenditures;
        o the Company's ability to enter into or renew online marketing
          agreements; and
        o competition.

The Company may be unable to reduce operating  expenses quickly enough to offset
any  unexpected  revenue  shortfall.  If the Company has a shortfall  in revenue
without a corresponding reduction to its expenses, operating results may suffer.
The Company's operating results for any particular quarter may not be indicative
of  future  operating  results.  You  should  not  rely  on   quarter-to-quarter
comparisons  of results of operations  as an indication of the Company's  future
performance.  It is  possible  that  results  of  operations  may be  below  the
expectations  of public  market  analysts and  investors,  which could cause the
trading price of the Company's Class A common stock to fall.

Consumer  spending on flowers,  gifts and other products sold by the Company may
vary  with  general  economic   conditions.   If  general  economic   conditions
deteriorate and the Company's  customers have less disposable income,  consumers
may spend less on its products and its quarterly operating results may suffer.

If the Company's  customers do not find its expanded  product  lines  appealing,
revenues  may not grow and net  income  may  decrease.  The  Company's  business
historically  has focused on offering floral and  floral-related  gift products.
Although the Company has been successful in its expanded product lines including
plants, gift baskets, popcorn, gourmet food and wine, unique or specialty gifts,
home and garden  accessories,  and children's  gifts,  it expects to continue to
incur significant costs in marketing these products.  If the Company's customers
do not  continue  to find its  product  lines  appealing,  the  Company  may not
generate  sufficient  revenue to offset  its  related  costs and its  results of
operations may be negatively impacted.

If the Company fails to develop and maintain its brands,  it may not increase or
maintain its customer base or its revenues. The Company must continue to develop
and maintain the  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  brands to expand its customer  base and its
revenues.  In addition,  the Company has introduced and acquired other brands in
the past, and may continue to do so in the future. The Company believes that the
importance  of  brand  recognition  will  increase  as it  expands  its  product
offerings.  Many of the  Company's  customers  may not be aware of the Company's
non-floral  products.  If the Company fails to advertise and market its products
effectively,  it may not  succeed  in  establishing  its  brands  and  may  lose
customers leading to a reduction of revenues.

The Company's  success in promoting and enhancing the  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  brands
will also depend on its success in providing its customers high-quality products
and a high level of customer service. If the Company's customers do not perceive
its  products  and   services  to  be  of  high   quality,   the  value  of  the
1-800-FLOWERS.COM  brands would be diminished and the Company may lose customers
and its revenues may decline.

A failure to establish and maintain strategic online relationships that generate
a  significant  amount  of  traffic  could  limit the  growth  of the  Company's
business.  Although  the  Company  expects a  significant  portion of its online
customers  will continue to come  directly to its Website,  it will also rely on
third party Web sites, search engines and affililates with which the Company has
strategic  relationships  for traffic.  If these  third-parties do not attract a
significant number of visitors, the Company may not receive a significant number
of online  customers  from  these  relationships  and its  revenues  from  these
relationships  may  decrease  or  remain  flat.  There  continues  to be  strong


                                       12

<PAGE>


competition  to  establish  or  maintain  relationships  with  leading  Internet
companies,   and  the  Company  may  not  successfully   enter  into  additional
relationships,  or renew existing ones beyond their current  terms.  The Company
may also be required to pay  significant  fees to maintain  and expand  existing
relationships.  The  Company's  online  revenues may suffer if it does not enter
into  new  relationships  or  maintain   existing   relationships  or  if  these
relationships do not result in traffic sufficient to justify their costs.

If local  florists and other  third-party  vendors do not fulfill  orders to the
Company's  customers'  satisfaction,  customers  may not shop  with the  Company
again.  In many cases,  floral  orders  placed by the  Company's  customers  are
fulfilled  by local  independent  florists,  a majority  of which are members of
BloomNet.  The Company  does  not  directly  control any of these  florists.  In
addition,  many of the non-floral  products sold by the Company are manufactured
and delivered to its customers by independent  third-party vendors. If customers
are dissatisfied  with the performance of the local florist or other third-party
vendors,  they may not utilize the Company's services when placing future orders
and its revenues may decrease.

If a florist  discontinues  its  relationship  with the Company,  the  Company's
customers  may  experience  delays in service or declines in quality and may not
shop with the  Company  again.  Many of the  Company's  arrangements  with local
florists for order  fulfillment  may be  terminated  with 10 days  notice.  If a
florist  discontinues  its  relationship  with the Company,  the Company will be
required to obtain a suitable  replacement  located in the same geographic area,
which may cause delays in delivery or a decline in quality,  leading to customer
dissatisfaction and loss of customers.

If a significant amount of customers are not satisfied with their purchase,  the
Company will be required to incur substantial costs to issue refunds, credits or
replacement  products.  The Company  offers its  customers  a 100%  satisfaction
guarantee on its products. If customers are not satisfied with the products they
receive,  the Company will either  replace the product for the customer or issue
the customer a refund or credit.  The Company's  net income would  decrease if a
significant number of customers request replacement products, refunds or credits
and the Company is unable to pass such costs onto the supplier.

Increased  shipping costs and labor stoppages may adversely  affect sales of the
Company's  products.  Many of the Company's  products are delivered to customers
either directly from the manufacturer or from the Company's  fulfillment centers
located in California,  Illinois,  New York, Ohio and Virginia.  The Company has
established  relationships with Federal Express, United Parcel Service and other
common  carriers for the delivery of these  products.  If these carriers were to
increase  the prices they charge to ship the  Company's  goods,  and the Company
passes these  increases on to its customers,  its customers  might choose to buy
comparable  products  locally to avoid  shipping  charges.  In  addition,  these
carriers  may  experience  labor  stoppages,  which could  impact the  Company's
ability to deliver  products on a timely basis to our  customers  and  adversely
affect its customer relationships.

If the Company fails to continuously improve its web site, it may not attract or
retain customers.  If potential or existing  customers do not find the Company's
Web site a  convenient  place to shop,  the  Company  may not  attract or retain
customers  and its sales may suffer.  To encourage  the use of the Company's web
site, it must continuously  improve its accessibility,  content and ease of use.
Customer  traffic and the  Company's  business  would be  adversely  affected if
competitors'  web sites are perceived as easier to use or better able to satisfy
customer needs.

Competition in the floral, plant, gift basket,  gourmet food and wine, specialty
gift,  children's toys and games and home and garden industries is intense and a
failure to respond to competitive pressure could result in lost revenues.  There
are many  companies  that  offer  products  in these  categories.  In the floral
category, the Company's competitors include:

        o retail floral shops, some of which maintain toll-free telephone
          numbers and web sites;
        o online floral retailers;
        o catalog companies that offer floral products;
        o floral telemarketers and wire services; and
        o supermarkets, mass merchants and specialty gift retailers with floral
          departments.

Similarly,  the   plant,  gift  basket,  gourmet   food,  cookie,  candy,  wine,
specialty  gift,  children's  toys and home and  garden  categories  are  highly
competitive.  Each of these categories  encompasses a wide range of products and


                                       13

<PAGE>
is highly  fragmented.  Products in these  categories  may be  purchased  from a
number of outlets, including mass merchants,  retail shops, online retailers and
mail-order catalogs.

Competition  is  intense  and the  Company  expects  it to  increase.  Increased
competition could result in:

        o price reductions, decreased revenue and lower profit margins;
        o loss of market share; and
        o increased marketing expenditures.

These and other  competitive  factors could  materially and adversely affect the
Company's results of operations.

If the Company does not accurately predict customer demand for its products,  it
may lose customers or experience  increased  costs. In the past, the Company did
not need to  maintain a  significant  inventory  of  products.  However,  as the
Company expands the volume of non-floral products offered to its customers,  the
Company will be required to increase inventory levels and the number of products
maintained in its warehouses.  If the Company overestimates  customer demand for
its products, excess inventory and outdated merchandise could accumulate,  tying
up working capital and potentially  resulting in reduced warehouse  capacity and
inventory  losses  due  to  damage,  theft  and  obsolescence.  If  the  Company
underestimates  customer demand, it may disappoint customers who may turn to its
competitors.  Moreover,  the strength of the  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  brands could be
diminished due to misjudgments in merchandise selection.

If the supply of flowers for sale becomes  limited,  the price of flowers  could
rise or flowers may be unavailable and the Company's  revenues and gross margins
could  decline.  A variety  of  factors  affect  the  supply of  flowers  in the
country-regionplaceUnited States and the price of the Company's floral products.
If the supply of flowers available for sale is limited due to weather conditions
or other  factors,  prices for flowers  could rise and  customer  demand for the
Company's floral products may be reduced,  causing revenues and gross margins to
decline.  Alternatively,  the  Company  may not be able to obtain  high  quality
flowers in an amount  sufficient  to meet  customer  demand.  Even if available,
flowers from  alternative  sources may be of lesser  quality  and/or may be more
expensive than those currently offered by the Company.

Most of the  flowers  sold in the United  States  are grown by  farmers  located
abroad, primarily in Colombia, Ecuador and Holland, and the Company expects that
this will continue in the future. The availability and price of flowers could be
affected by a number of factors affecting these regions, including:

        o import duties and quotas;
        o agricultural limitations and restrictions to manage pests and disease;
        o changes in trading status;
        o economic uncertainties and currency fluctuations;
        o severe weather;
        o work stoppages;
        o foreign government regulations and political unrest; and
        o trade restrictions, including United States retaliation against
          foreign trade practices.

The Company's franchisees may damage its brands or increase its costs by failing
to  comply  with  its  franchise  agreements  or its  operating  standards.  The
Company's  franchise  business is governed  by its  Uniform  Franchise  Offering
Circulars,  franchise  agreements and applicable franchise law. If the Company's
franchisees do not comply with its established  operating standards or the terms
of the franchise agreements,  the  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  brands may be damaged. The
Company may incur significant  additional costs,  including  time-consuming  and
expensive  litigation,  to enforce its rights  under the  franchise  agreements.
Additionally,  the Company is the primary  tenant on certain  leases,  which the
franchisees  sublease  from  the  Company.  If a  franchisee  fails  to meet its
obligations  as subtenant,  the Company could incur  significant  costs to avoid
default under the primary lease. Furthermore,  as a franchiser,  the Company has
obligations to its franchisees. Franchisees may challenge the performance of the
Company's  obligations under the franchise agreements and subject it to costs in
defending  these claims and, if the claims are  successful,  costs in connection
with their compliance.


                                       14

<PAGE>


If third parties  acquire rights to use similar domain names or phone numbers or
if the  Company  loses the right to use its phone  numbers,  its  brands  may be
damaged  and it may lose  sales.  The  Company's  Internet  domain  names are an
important  aspect of its  brand  recognition.  The  Company  cannot  practically
acquire rights to all domain names similar to www.1800flowers.com,  or its other
brands,  whether under existing top level domains or those issued in the future.
If third parties obtain rights to similar domain names,  these third parties may
confuse the Company's  customers and cause its customers to inadvertently  place
orders with these  third  parties,  which  could  result in lost sales and could
damage its brands.

Likewise,  the phone  number  that  spells  1-800-FLOWERS  is  important  to the
Company's  brand and its  business.  While the Company has obtained the right to
use the phone numbers 1-800-FLOWERS, 1-888-FLOWERS and 1-877-FLOWERS, as well as
common toll-free "FLOWERS" misdials,  it may not be able to obtain rights to use
the FLOWERS phone number as new toll-free  prefixes are issued, or the rights to
all similar and potentially confusing numbers. If third parties obtain the phone
number  which spells  "FLOWERS"  with a different  prefix or a toll-free  number
similar to FLOWERS,  these parties may also confuse the Company's  customers and
cause  lost  sales  and  potential  damage to its  brands.  In  addition,  under
applicable  FCC rules,  ownership  rights to phone  numbers  cannot be acquired.
Accordingly,  the FCC may  rescind the  Company's  right to use any of its phone
numbers, including 1-800-FLOWERS (1-800-356-9377).

A lack of security  over the  Internet may cause  Internet  usage to decline and
cause the Company to expend  capital and resources to protect  against  security
breaches.  A significant  barrier to  electronic  commerce over the Internet has
been  the  need  for  secure   transmission  of  confidential   information  and
transaction  information.  Internet  usage could decline if any  well-publicized
compromise of security occurred. Additionally,  computer "viruses" may cause the
Company's  systems to incur delays or experience  other  service  interruptions.
Such  interruptions  may materially  impact the Company's ability to operate its
business.  If a  computer  virus  affecting  the  Internet  in general is highly
publicized or  particularly  damaging,  the Company's  customers may not use the
Internet  or may be  prevented  from  using the  Internet,  which  would have an
adverse  effect on its  revenues.  As a result,  the  Company may be required to
expend capital and resources to protect against or to alleviate these problems.

Unexpected system  interruptions caused by system failures may result in reduced
revenues and harm to the Company's brand. In the past,  particularly during peak
holiday periods, the Company has experienced significant increases in traffic on
its Web  site and in its  toll-free  customer  service  centers.  The  Company's
operations   are   dependent  on  its  ability  to  maintain  its  computer  and
telecommunications systems in effective working order and to protect its systems
against  damage from fire,  natural  disaster,  power  loss,  telecommunications
failure or similar  events.  The Company's  systems have in the past, and may in
the future, experience:

        o system interruptions;
        o long response times; and
        o degradation in service.

The Company's business depends on customers making purchases on its systems, its
revenues  may  decrease  and its  reputation  could be harmed if it  experiences
frequent or long system delays or interruptions or if a disruption occurs during
a peak holiday season.

If AT&T and Verizon do not adequately  maintain the Company's telephone service,
the Company may experience  system  failures and its revenues may decrease.  The
Company is  dependent on AT&T and Verizon to provide  telephone  services to its
customer   service   centers.   Although   the   Company   maintains   redundant
telecommunications  systems,  if AT&T and Verizon  experience system failures or
fail to adequately  maintain the Company's  systems,  the Company may experience
interruptions  and its customers might not continue to utilize its services.  If
the Company loses its telephone service,  it will be unable to generate revenue.
The  Company's  future  success  depends  upon these  third-party  relationships
because it does not have the resources to maintain its telephone service without
these or other third parties. Failure to maintain these relationships or replace
them on  financially  attractive  terms may disrupt the Company's  operations or
require it to incur significant unanticipated costs.

Interruptions  in Teleflora's Dove System or a reduction in the Company's access
to  this   system  may   disrupt   order   fulfillment   and   create   customer
dissatisfaction.  A minimal portion  of  the  Company's  customers'  orders  are


                                       15
<PAGE>


communicated to the fulfilling florist through a third party system. This system
is an order processing and messaging network used to facilitate the transmission
of floral orders between florists.  If this system experiences  interruptions in
the future, the Company could experience  difficulties in fulfilling some of its
customers'  orders  and  those  customers  might not  continue  to shop with the
Company.

The Company's operating results may suffer due to economic, political and social
unrest or disturbances. Like other American businesses, the Company is unable to
predict what  long-term  effect acts of  terrorism,  war, or similar  unforeseen
events,  may have on its  business.  The  Company's  results of  operations  and
financial condition could be adversely impacted if such events cause an economic
slowdown in the United  States,  or other  negative  effects  that cannot now be
anticipated.

If the  Company is unable to hire and retain key  personnel,  its  business  may
suffer.  The Company's  success is dependent on its ability to hire,  retain and
motivate  highly  qualified  personnel.  In  particular,  the Company's  success
depends on the continued  efforts of its Chairman and Chief  Executive  Officer,
James F. McCann, and its President, Christopher G. McCann, as well as its senior
management team which help manage its business.  The loss of the services of any
of the  Company's  executive  management  or key  personnel or its  inability to
attract  qualified  additional  personnel could cause its business to suffer and
force it to expend  time and  resources  in  locating  and  training  additional
personnel.

Many  governmental  regulations may impact the Internet,  which could affect the
Company's  ability  to  conduct  business.  Any  new law or  regulation,  or the
application or  interpretation  of existing laws, may decrease the growth in the
use of the Internet or the Company's Web site. The Company expects there will be
an increasing  number of laws and regulations  pertaining to the Internet in the
United States and throughout the world.  These laws or regulations may relate to
liability for information received from or transmitted over the Internet, online
content regulation,  user privacy, taxation and quality of products and services
sold over the Internet.  Moreover, the applicability to the Internet of existing
laws governing  intellectual  property  ownership and  infringement,  copyright,
trademark,  trade secret,  obscenity,  libel,  employment,  personal privacy and
other issues is uncertain and developing. This could decrease the demand for the
Company's  products,  increase  its  costs or  otherwise  adversely  affect  its
business.

Regulations  imposed by the Federal Trade  Commission  may adversely  affect the
growth of the Company's Internet business or its marketing efforts.  The Federal
Trade  Commission has proposed  regulations  regarding the collection and use of
personal  identifying  information  obtained from individuals when accessing Web
sites,  with  particular  emphasis on access by minors.  These  regulations  may
include  requirements  that the Company  establish  procedures  to disclose  and
notify users of privacy and  security  policies,  obtain  consent from users for
collection and use of information  and provide users with the ability to access,
correct and delete personal information stored by the Company. These regulations
may also  include  enforcement  and redress  provisions.  Moreover,  even in the
absence  of  those   regulations,   the  Federal  Trade   Commission  has  begun
investigations  into the  privacy  practices  of other  companies  that  collect
information  on the Internet.  One  investigation  resulted in a consent  decree
under which an Internet  company  agreed to establish  programs to implement the
principles   noted  above.   The  Company  may  become  a  party  to  a  similar
investigation,  or the Federal Trade  Commission's  regulatory  and  enforcement
efforts, or those of other governmental bodies, may adversely affect its ability
to  collect  demographic  and  personal  information  from  users,  which  could
adversely affect its marketing efforts.

Unauthorized  use of the  Company's  intellectual  property by third parties may
damage its brands.  Unauthorized use of the Company's  intellectual  property by
third parties may damage its brands and its  reputation and may likely result in
a loss of customers.  It may be possible for third parties to obtain and use the
Company's intellectual property without authorization. Third parties have in the
past infringed or misappropriated the Company's intellectual property or similar
proprietary  rights.  The Company believes  infringements and  misappropriations
will continue to occur in the future. Furthermore, the validity,  enforceability
and scope of protection of intellectual property in Internet-related  industries
is uncertain and still evolving. The Company has been unable to register certain
of its intellectual  property in some foreign  countries and,  furthermore,  the
laws of some foreign  countries  are  uncertain  or do not protect  intellectual
property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States.

Defending against intellectual  property  infringement claims could be expensive
and,  if the  Company is not  successful,  could  disrupt its ability to conduct
business.  The Company cannot be certain that the products it sells, or services
it offers, do not or will not infringe valid patents, trademarks,  copyrights or
other intellectual  property rights held by third parties.  The Company may be a


                                       16

<PAGE>

party to legal  proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual  property of
others from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. The Company may
incur substantial  expense in defending  against these third-party  infringement
claims,  regardless of their merit.  Successful  infringement claims against the
Company may result in substantial  monetary  liability or may materially disrupt
its ability to conduct business.

The  Company  may lose  sales or incur  significant  expenses  should  states be
successful  in imposing  broader  guidelines  to state  sales and use taxes.  In
addition to the Company's retail store operations, the Company collects sales or
other similar taxes in states where the Company's  online and  telephonic  sales
channels have applicable  nexus. Our customer service and fulfillment  networks,
and any further  expansion of those  networks,  along with other  aspects of our
evolving  business,  may result in additional sales and use tax  obligations.  A
successful assertion by one or more states that we should collect sales or other
taxes on the sale of merchandise could result in substantial tax liabilities for
past sales,  decrease our ability to compete  with  traditional  retailers,  and
otherwise harm our business.

Currently,  decisions  of the U.S.  Supreme  Court  restrict the  imposition  of
obligations to collect state and local sales and use taxes with respect to sales
made  over the  Internet.  However,  a  number  of  states,  as well as the U.S.
Congress,  have  been  considering  various  initiatives  that  could  limit  or
supersede the Supreme Court's position regarding sales and use taxes on Internet
sales. If any of these initiatives addressed the Supreme Court's  constitutional
concerns  and  resulted  in a  reversal  of its  current  position,  we could be
required to collect  additional sales and use taxes. The imposition by state and
local   governments  of  various  taxes  upon  Internet  commerce  could  create
administrative burdens for us and could decrease our future sales.

A failure to integrate  our  acquisitions  may cause the results of the acquired
company  to  suffer as well as the  results  of the  Company.  The  Company  has
opportunistically acquired a number of companies over the past several years. As
part of the acquisition  process,  the Company embarks upon a project management
effort to integrate the acquisition onto our information  technology systems and
management  processes.  If we are unsuccessful in integrating our  acquisitions,
the  results  of our  acquisitions  may  suffer,  management  may have to divert
valuable resources to oversee and manage the acquisitions,  the Company may have
to expend  additional  investments in the acquired company to upgrade  personnel
and/or information technology systems and the results of the Company may suffer.

Product liability claims may subject the Company to increased costs.  Several of
the products the Company sells, including perishable food and alcoholic beverage
products,  home and garden products, or children's toys may expose it to product
liability  claims in the event  that the use or  consumption  of these  products
results in  personal  injury.  Although  the  Company  has not  experienced  any
material  losses due to product  liability  claims to date, it may be a party to
product  liability  claims in the  future and incur  significant  costs in their
defense.  Product liability claims often create negative publicity,  which could
materially damage the Company's reputation and its brands.  Although the Company
maintains  insurance  against  product  liability  claims,  its  coverage may be
inadequate to cover any liabilities it may incur.

The wine industry is subject to governmental regulation.  The alcoholic beverage
industry is subject to extensive specialized  regulation under state and federal
laws and regulations, including the following matters: licensing; the payment of
excise taxes; advertising,  trade and pricing practices; product labeling; sales
to minors and intoxicated persons; changes in officers, directors,  ownership or
control; and, relationships among product producers, importers,  wholesalers and
retailers. While the Company believes that it is in material compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations,  in the event that it should be determined that
the Company is not in compliance with any applicable  laws or  regulations,  the
Company could become subject to cease and desist orders, injunctive proceedings,
civil fines, license revocations and other penalties which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business and its results of operations.

In addition, the alcoholic beverage industry is subject to potential legislation
and  regulation  on a  continuous  basis  including  in such areas as direct and
Internet  sales of alcohol.  Certain  states still  prohibit the sale of alcohol
into their jurisdictions from out of state wineries and/or retailers.  There can
be no assurance  that new or revised laws or  regulations,  increased  licensing
fees,  specialized  taxes  or  other  regulatory  requirements  will  not have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business and its results of operations.


                                       17

<PAGE>


While,  to date,  the  Company  has been  able to  obtain  and  retain  licenses
necessary  to sell wine at retail,  the failure to obtain  renewals or otherwise
retain such licenses in one or more of the states in which the Company  operates
would have a material  adverse effect on the Company's  business and its results
of  operations.  The Company's  growth  strategy for its wine business  includes
expansion into additional  states;  however,  there can be no assurance that the
Company will be successful in obtaining the required  permits or licenses in any
additional  states.  From time to time,  the Company may introduce new marketing
initiatives,  which may be expected to undergo regulatory scrutiny. There can be
no assurance that such initiatives will not be stymied by regulatory criticism.

The Company is dependent on common carriers to deliver its wine  shipments.  The
Company primarily uses FedEx and UPS to deliver its wine shipments.  If FedEx or
UPS were to  terminate  delivery  services  for  alcoholic  beverages in certain
states, as it did in 1999 in Florida, Nevada and Connecticut,  the Company would
likely  incur  significantly  higher  shipping  rates that would have a material
adverse effect on the Company's  business and its results of operations.  If any
state prohibits or limits  intrastate  shipping of alcoholic  beverages by third
party  couriers,  the Company would likely incur  significantly  higher shipping
rates that would have a material  adverse  effect on the Company's  business and
its results of operations.

There are various health issues regarding wine consumption.  Since 1989, federal
law has required  health-warning labels on all alcoholic beverages.  Although an
increasing  number of research  studies  suggest that health benefits may result
from the  moderate  consumption  of wine,  these  suggestions  have been  widely
challenged  and a number of groups  advocate  increased  governmental  action to
restrict  consumption  of  alcoholic  beverages.  Restrictions  on the  sale and
consumption  of wine or  increases  in the taxes  imposed on wine in response to
concerns  regarding  health  issues  may have a material  adverse  effect on the
Company's business and operating  results.  There can be no assurance that there
will not be legal or regulatory  challenges to the industry as a whole,  and any
such legal or  regulatory  challenge may have a material  adverse  effect on the
Company's business and results of operations.

The price at which the  Company's  Class A common stock will trade may be highly
volatile and may fluctuate substantially. The stock market has from time to time
experienced  price and volume  fluctuations that have affected the market prices
of securities, particularly securities of companies with Internet operations. As
a result, investors may experience a material decline in the market price of the
Company's  Class  A  common  stock,   regardless  of  the  Company's   operating
performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of
a particular company's securities,  securities class action litigation has often
been brought against that company.  The Company may become involved in this type
of  litigation  in the future.  Litigation  of this type is often  expensive and
diverts management's attention and resources, and as such, could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business and its results of operations.


Additional Information

The  Company's  internet  address  is  www.1800flowers.com.  We make  available,
through   the   investor    relations    tab   located   on   our   website   at
www.1800flowers.com, access to our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q,  current  reports on Form 8-K and any  amendments to those reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 as soon as  reasonably  practicable  after  they are  electronically
filed with or furnished to the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.  All such
filings on our investor  relations  website  are  available free of charge. (The
information posted on the Company's website is not incorporated into this Annual
Report of Form 10-K.) A copy of this annual  report on  Form 10-K  is  available
without  charge upon  written request to: Investor Relations, 1-800-FLOWERS.COM,
Inc., One Old Country Road, Suite 500, Carle Place, NY 11514. In  addition,  the
SEC  maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov)  that  contains reports, proxy and
information  statements,  and  other  information  regarding issuers  that  file
electronically with the SEC.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

We have received no written  comments  regarding our current or periodic reports
from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of
our fiscal year ended July 2, 2006 that remain unresolved.




                                       18

<PAGE>

Item 2.  PROPERTIES

<TABLE>
<S>                       <C>                    <C>                                             <C>           <C>
                                                                                               Square
 Location               Type                 Principal Use                                    Footage     Ownership
 ---------------------- -------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------- ----------------

Carle Place, NY         Office               Headquarters and customer service                  92,000       leased

Alamogordo, NM          Office               Customer service                                   23,000        owned

Ardmore, OK             Office               Customer service                                   24,000       leased

Madison, VA             Office and           Distribution, administrative and customer
                        warehouse            service                                           300,000        owned

Napa, CA                Office and           Distribution, administrative and customer
                        warehouse            service                                            68,000       leased

Westerville, OH         Office and
                        warehouse            Distribution and customer service                  21,000       leased

Chicago, IL             Office               Administrative and customer service                18,000       leased

Reno, NV                Warehouse            Distribution                                      140,000       leased

Vandalia, OH            Warehouse            Distribution                                      200,000        owned

Obetz, OH               Warehouse            Distribution                                      176,000       leased

Lake Forest, IL         Office, plant and    Manufacturing, distribution and administrative
                        warehouse                                                              148,000       leased

Akron, OH               Office, plant and    Manufacturing, distribution and administrative
                        warehouse                                                              200,000       leased

Westerville, OH         Office, plant and    Manufacturing, distribution and administrative
                        warehouse                                                               44,000        owned
</TABLE>

In addition to the above properties,  the Company leases  approximately  356,000
square feet for owned or franchised retail stores and local fulfillment  centers
with  lease  terms  typically  ranging  from 5 to 20 years.  Some of its  leases
provide for a minimum rent plus a percentage rent based upon sales after certain
minimum thresholds are achieved. The leases generally require the Company to pay
insurance,  utilities, real estate taxes and repair and maintenance expenses. In
general,  our  properties are well  maintained,  adequate and suitable for their
purposes.

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There are various  claims,  lawsuits,  and pending  actions  against the Company
incident to the operations of its  businesses.  It is the opinion of management,
after  consultation with counsel,  that the ultimate  resolution of such claims,
lawsuits  and pending  actions  will not have a material  adverse  effect on the
Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No matters  were  submitted to a vote of our  security  holders  during the last
quarter of our fiscal year ended July 2, 2006.









                                       19

<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The following individuals were serving as executive officers of the Company and
certain of its subsidiaries on September 15, 2006:

<TABLE>
<S>                                               <C>                  <C>

Name                                              Age       Position with the Company
- ------------------------------------------------ ------    ----------------------------------------------------------

James F. McCann...........................          55       Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Christopher G. McCann.....................          45       Director and President

Gerard M. Gallagher.......................          53       Senior Vice President of Business Affairs,
                                                             General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary

Thomas G. Hartnett........................          43       Chief Operating Officer of Consumer Floral

Tim Hopkins...............................          52       President of Specialty Brands

Mary McCormack............................          53       Vice President of Corporate Development

Enzo J. Micali............................          47       Chief Information Officer

William E. Shea...........................          47       Senior Vice President, Treasurer, and
                                                             Chief Financial Officer

David Taiclet.............................          43       Chief Executive Officer - Fannie May Confection Brands, Inc.

Monica Woo................................          50       President of Consumer Floral

</TABLE>

James F.  McCann has  served as the  Company's  Chairman  of the Board and Chief
Executive  Officer since  inception.  Mr. McCann has been in the floral industry
since  1976  when he  began a  retail  chain  of  flower  shops  in the New York
metropolitan  area.  Mr.  McCann is a member of the board of  directors of Gtech
Corporation, Willis Holdings Group and Boyd's Collection. James F. McCann is the
brother of Christopher G. McCann, a Director and the President of the Company.

Christopher G. McCann has been the Company's  President since September 2000 and
prior to that had served as the Company's Senior Vice President.  Mr. McCann has
been a Director of the Company since  inception.  Mr. McCann serves on the board
of directors of Neoware,  Inc. and Bluefly, Inc. and is a member of the Board of
Trustees  of Marist  College.  Christopher  G. McCann is the brother of James F.
McCann, the Company's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.

Gerard M.  Gallagher  has been our Senior Vice  President,  General  Counsel and
Corporate  Secretary  since August 1999 and has been providing legal services to
the Company  since its  inception.  Mr.  Gallagher is the founder and a managing
partner  in the law firm  Gallagher,  Walker,  Bianco  and  Plastaras,  based in
Mineola,  New York,  specializing  in  corporate,  litigation  and  intellectual
property  matters since 1993. Mr.  Gallagher is duly admitted to practice before
the New York  State  Courts and the United  States  District  Courts of both the
Eastern District and Southern District of New York.

Thomas G.  Hartnett has been Chief  Operating  Officer of the  1-800-Flowers.com
Consumer  Floral  brand  since July 2006.  Before  holding  this  position,  Mr.
Hartnett held various  positions within the Company since joining the Company in
1991,  including  Senior Vice President of Retail and  Fulfillment,  Controller,
Director of Store  Operations,  Vice  President  of Retail  Operations  and Vice
President of Strategic Development.

Tim Hopkins has been our President of the Specialty  Brands division since March
2005. Prior to joining the Company,  Mr. Hopkins was Chief Executive Officer and
Director of Sur La Table,  Inc., a multi-channel  upscale specialty  retailer of
gourmet  culinary  and  serveware  products.  Prior to Sur La Table,  Inc.,  Mr.
Hopkins was President,  Corporate  Merchandising and Logistics,  Worldwide,  for
Borders Group,  Inc.  Before this position,  Mr. Hopkins held other senior level
positions in the multi-channel retailing sector.

                                       20
<PAGE>

Mary McCormack has been our Vice President, Corporate Development, since January
2006. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. McCormack was a marketing consultant for
Long Point Capital, a private equity firm. Ms. McCormack was previously employed
at  McCann-Erickson  WorldGroup  as Vice  President,  Director  of  Mergers  and
Acquisitions and at The Hertz  Corporation as Director of  Acquisitions.  Before
joining  The Hertz  Corporation,  Ms.  McCormack  had assumed a number of senior
executive  positions in corporate mergers and  acquisitions,  private equity and
investment banking.

Enzo J.  Micali has been our Chief  Information  Officer  and prior  thereto our
Senior Vice  President of  Information  Technology  since joining the Company in
2000.  Prior to joining  the  Company,  Mr.  Micali  served as Chief  Technology
Officer for InsLogic.  Prior to joining  InsLogic,  Mr. Micali spent 12 years in
various technology  management  positions with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., formerly
Chase Manhattan.

William E. Shea has been our Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration
and Chief Financial  Officer since  September  2000.  Before holding his current
position,  Mr. Shea was our Vice  President of Finance and Corporate  Controller
after  joining us in April  1996.  From 1980 until  joining  us, Mr.  Shea was a
certified public accountant with Ernst & Young LLP.

David  Taiclet has been our Chief  Executive  Officer of Fannie May  Confections
Brands, Inc. since April 2006, upon our acquisition of the company.  Mr. Taiclet
was a  Co-Founder  of Fannie  May  Confections  Brands,  Inc.  (formerly  Alpine
Confections,  Inc.), a multi-branded and multi-channel  retailer,  manufacturer,
and distributor of confectionery and specialty food products. Prior thereto, Mr.
Taiclet  spent four years in a variety of  management  positions,  including the
Strategy and Business  Development Group of Cargill,  Inc.  Cargill,  Inc. is an
international  marketer,  processor  and  distributor  of  food,  financial  and
industrial  products.  Mr.  Taiclet also served four years of active duty in the
U.S. Army, attaining the rank of Captain.

Monica L. Woo has been President of the 1-800-Flowers.com  Consumer Floral brand
since July 2006 after having been the  1-800-Flowers.com  brand Chief  Marketing
Officer since joining the Company in January 2004. Prior to joining the Company,
Ms.  Woo had  founded  a  successful  consulting  practice  focusing  on  growth
strategies for such multi-national  clients as Deutsche Bank, Northwest Airlines
and Campbell's  Soup. Prior to that, Ms. Woo was the President of Bacardi Global
Brands,  Inc., of Bacardi  Limited.  Before holding this  position,  Ms. Woo had
assumed a number of senior  executive  positions in the  financial  services and
consumer  packaged goods  sectors,  including the Global  Marketing  Director of
Citibank  On-line and the Citibank  Private  Bank,  and the Sr. Vice  President,
European Marketing Director of Diageo PLC.














                                       21

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
        AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information

1-800-FLOWERS.COM's Class A common stock trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market under
the ticker symbol "FLWS." There is no established  public trading market for the
Company's Class B common stock. The following table sets forth the reported high
and low sales  prices  for the  Company's  Class A common  stock for each of the
fiscal quarters during the fiscal years ended July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005.
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                        <C>             <C>
                                                                           High            Low
                                                                       -------------- --------------
     Year ended July 2, 2006

        July 4, 2005 - October 2, 2005                                     $ 7.86        $ 6.45

        October 3, 2005 - January 1, 2006                                  $ 7.65        $ 5.83

        January 2, 2006 - April 2, 2006                                    $ 7.10        $ 6.16

        April 3, 2006 - July 2, 2006                                       $ 7.90        $ 5.39

     Year ended July 3, 2005

        June 28, 2004 - September 26, 2004                                 $ 9.64        $ 7.01

        September 27, 2004 - December 26, 2004                             $ 8.95        $ 7.44

        December 27, 2004 - March 27, 2005                                 $ 8.75        $ 7.20

        March 28, 2005 - July 3, 2005                                      $ 7.83        $ 6.52
</TABLE>

Rights of Common Stock

Holders of Class A common stock generally have the same rights as the holders of
Class B common stock,  except that holders of Class A common stock have one vote
per share and  holders  of Class B common  stock  have 10 votes per share on all
matters  submitted to the vote of stockholders.  Holders of Class A common stock
and  Class B common  stock  generally  vote  together  as a single  class on all
matters presented to the stockholders for their vote or approval,  except as may
be required by Delaware law.  Class B common stock may be converted into Class A
common stock at any time on a  one-for-one  share  basis.  Each share of Class B
common stock will  automatically  convert into one share of Class A common stock
upon its transfer, with limited exceptions.

Holders

As of September 8, 2006, there were  approximately 266 stockholders of record of
the Company's Class A common stock,  although the Company believes that there is
a  significantly  larger number of beneficial  owners.  As of September 8, 2006,
there were  approximately  18  stockholders  of record of the Company's  Class B
common stock.

Dividend Policy

Although the Company has never  declared or paid any cash dividends on its Class
A or  Class B  common  stock,  the  Company  anticipates  that it will  generate
increasing free cash flow in excess of its capital investment  requirements.  As
such,  although  the  Company  has no current  intent to do so, the  Company may
choose,  at some future date, to use some portion of its cash for the purpose of
cash dividends.

Resales of Securities

39,931,543  shares  of  Class  A  and  Class  B  common  stock  are  "restricted
securities"  as that  term is  defined  in Rule 144 under  the  Securities  Act.
Restricted securities may be sold in the public market from time to time only if
registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration  under Rule 144
or 701 under the Securities  Act. As of September 8, 2006, all of such shares of
the Company's  common stock could be sold in the public  market  pursuant to and


                                       22
<PAGE>

subject to the limits  set forth in Rule 144.  Sales of a large  number of these
shares could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Company's Class A
common stock by increasing the number of shares available on the public market.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer

On May 12, 2005,  the  Company's  Board of  Directors  increased  the  Company's
authorization  to  repurchase  the  Company's  Class A  common  stock  up to $20
million,  from the previous authorized limit of $10 million.  Any such purchases
could  be made  from  time to time in the  open  market  and  through  privately
negotiated  transactions,  subject to general market conditions.  The repurchase
program  will be financed  utilizing  available  cash.  As of July 2, 2006,  the
Company had repurchased  1,510,050 shares of common stock for $11.1 million,  of
which $1.3  million and $9.8  million was  repurchased  during the fiscal  years
ending July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005, respectively.

The following table sets forth, for the months indicated, the Company's purchase
of Class A common  stock  during  the fiscal  year  ending  July 2, 2006,  which
includes the period July 4, 2005 through July 2, 2006.

<TABLE>
<S>                                 <C>                     <C>                    <C>                       <C>
                                                                              Total Number of           Dollar Value of
                                                                            Shares Purchased as       Shares that May Yet
                                Total Number of                               Part of Publicly        Be Purchased Under
                               Shares Purchased        Average Price         Announced Plans or          the Plans or
          Period                                      Paid Per Share              Programs                 Programs
- ---------------------------    ------------------    ------------------     ---------------------    ----------------------
                                              (in thousands, except average price paid per share)
          7/4/05 - 7/31/05                 120.5                 $7.19                     120.5                    $9,315
          8/1/05 - 8/28/05                  61.5                 $7.31                      61.5                    $8,863
         8/29/05 - 10/2/05                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
        10/3/05 - 10/30/05                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
       10/31/05 - 11/27/05                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
         11/28/05 - 1/1/06                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
          1/2/06 - 1/29/06                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
         1/30/06 - 2/26/06                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
          2/27/06 - 4/2/06                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
          4/3/06 - 4/30/06                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
          5/1/06 - 5/28/06                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
          5/29/06 - 7/2/06                     -                    $-                         -                    $8,863
                               ------------------    ------------------     ---------------------
             Total                         182.0                 $7.23                     182.0
                               ==================    ==================     =====================

</TABLE>

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The selected  consolidated  statement of income data for the years ended July 2,
2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004 and the consolidated  balance sheet data as
of July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005,  have been derived from the Company's  audited
consolidated  financial  statements  included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.  The  selected  consolidated  statement  of income data for the years
ended June 29, 2003 and June 30,  2002,  and the selected  consolidated  balance
sheet data as of June 27,  2004,  June 29, 2003 and June 30,  2002,  are derived
from the  Company's  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  which are not
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The following  tables summarize the Company's  consolidated  statement of income
and balance sheet data. The Company acquired Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.
in May 2006,  Wind & Weather in October  2005,  Cheryl & Co. in March 2005,  The
Winetasting Network in November 2004 and The Popcorn Factory,  Inc. in May 2002.
The  following  financial  data  reflects  the  results of  operations  of these
subsidiaries  since their  respective  dates of  acquisition.  This  information
should be read together  with the  discussion in  "Management's  Discussion  and
Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of  Operations"  and the Company's
consolidated  financial  statements  and  notes  to  those  statements  included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


                                       23
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>             <C>         <C>           <C>
                                                                         Years ended (1)
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      July 2,       July 3,        June 27,     June 29,      June 30,
                                                      2006(2)         2005           2004         2003          2002
                                                   ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------
                                                                (in thousands, except per share data)
Consolidated Statement of Income Data:
Net revenues:
  Online                                            $ 430,285     $ 360,902       $ 307,470     $ 265,278   $ 218,179
  Telephonic                                          275,716       259,929         263,039       271,071     248,931
  Retail/fulfillment                                   75,740        49,848          33,469        29,269      30,095
                                                   ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------
     Total net revenues                               781,741       670,679         603,978       565,618     497,205
Cost of revenues                                      456,097       395,028         351,111       324,565     293,269
                                                   ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------
Gross profit                                          325,644       275,651         252,867       241,053     203,936

Operating expenses:
  Marketing and sales                                 239,573       198,935         172,251       170,013     150,638
  Technology and development                           19,819        14,757          13,799        13,937      13,723
  General and administrative                           43,978        35,572          30,415        29,593      28,179
  Depreciation and amortization                        15,765        14,489          14,992        15,389      15,061
                                                   ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------
     Total operating expenses                         319,135       263,753         231,457       228,932     207,601
                                                   ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------
Operating income (loss)                                 6,509        11,898          21,410        12,121      (3,665)
Other income, net                                        (141)        1,349             320           117       1,448
                                                   ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------
Income (loss) before income taxes                       6,368        13,247          21,730        12,238      (2,217)
Income taxes (benefit)                                  3,181         5,398         (19,174)            -        (706)
                                                   ------------- -------------- ------------- ------------ --------------
Net income (loss)                                     $ 3,187       $ 7,849         $40,904      $ 12,238    $ (1,511)
                                                   ============= ============== ============= ============ ==============
Net income (loss) per common share:
  Basic                                                 $0.05         $0.12           $0.62         $0.19      $(0.02)
                                                   ============= ============== ============= ============ ==============
  Diluted                                               $0.05         $0.12           $0.60         $0.18      $(0.02)
                                                   ============= ============== ============= ============ ==============

Shares used in the calculation of net income (loss)
  per common share:
  Basic                                                65,100        66,038          65,959        65,566      64,703
                                                   ============= ============== ============= ============ ==============
  Diluted                                              66,429        67,402          68,165        67,670      64,703
                                                   ============= ============== ============= ============ ==============
</TABLE>

Note (1): The  Company's  fiscal year is a 52- or 53-week  period  ending on the
Sunday nearest to June 30. Fiscal years ended July 2, 2006,  June 27, 2004, June
29, 2003 and June 30, 2002,  consisted of 52 weeks,  while the fiscal year ended
July 3, 2005 consisted of 53 weeks.

Note (2): Effective July 4, 2005, the Company adopted the fair value recognition
provisions of SFAS No. 123(R) using the modified prospective application method.
The impact of the  adoption,  which  reduced net income per common share for the
fiscal year ended July 2, 2006 by $0.05 is described in further detail in Note 2
of the Company's Annual Financial Statements.


<TABLE>
<S>                                                            <C>             <C>              <C>          <C>               <C>
                                                                                            As of
                                                          -------------- ------------- -------------- --------------- --------------
                                                           July 2, 2006   July 3, 2005  June 27, 2004  June 29, 2003   June 30, 2002
                                                          -------------- ------------- -------------- --------------- --------------
                                                                                       (in thousands)
       Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
       Cash and equivalents and short-term investments     $ 24,599       $ 46,608        $103,374      $ 61,218        $ 63,399
       Working capital                                       41,182         41,692          83,704        26,875          23,301
       Investments-non current                                    -              -           8,260        19,471           9,591
       Total assets                                         346,634        251,952         261,552       214,796         207,157
       Long-term liabilities                                 80,437          5,900           8,874        12,820          15,939
       Total stockholders' equity                           193,183        186,334         186,390       137,288         123,908


</TABLE>

                                       24
<PAGE>

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview

For more than 30 years,  1-800-FLOWERS.COM  Inc. - "Your Florist of Choice(R)" -
has been  providing  customers  around the world with the  freshest  flowers and
finest selection of plants,  gift baskets,  gourmet foods and  confections,  and
plush stuffed animals perfect for every  occasion.  1-800-FLOWERS.COM(R)  offers
the best of both worlds: exquisite,  florist-designed  arrangements individually
created by some of the nation's top floral artists and  hand-delivered  the same
day, and spectacular flowers through its "Fresh From Our Growers(SM)" program.

Customers can shop 1-800-FLOWERS.COM 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via the phone
or  Internet   (1-800-356-9377   or   www.1800flowers.com)   or  by  visiting  a
Company-operated   or  franchised  store.  Sales  and  Service  Specialists  are
available 24/7, and fast and reliable  delivery is offered same day, any day. As
always,   100  percent   satisfaction   and   freshness   is   guaranteed.   The
1-800-FLOWERS.COM  collection  of brands  also  includes  home  decor and garden
merchandise  from Plow & Hearth(R)  (1-800-627-1712  or  www.plowandhearth.com);
weather-themed    gifts   from   Wind   &    Weather(R)    (1-800-922-9463    or
www.windandweather.com);   popcorn  and   specialty   treats  from  The  Popcorn
Factory(R)  (1-800-541-2676 or  www.thepopcornfactory.com);  exceptional cookies
and baked  gifts  from  Cheryl&Co.(R)  (1-800-443-8124  or www.cherylandco.com);
premium  chocolates  and  confections  from   Fannie  May   Confections   Brands
(www.fanniemay.com and www.harrylondon.com); gourmet foods from GreatFood.com(R)
(www.greatfood.com);  children's gifts from  HearthSong(R)  (www.hearthsong.com)
and  Magic  Cabin(R)  (www.magiccabin.com);  wine  gifts  from  the  WineTasting
Network(R) (www.ambrosiawine.com and www.winetasting.com); and gift baskets from
1-800-BASKETS.COM(R)  (www.1800baskets.com).

1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. stock is traded on the NASDAQ market under ticker symbol
FLWS.

Results of Operations

The  Company's  fiscal  year is a 52- or  53-week  period  ending on the  Sunday
nearest to June 30. Fiscal years 2006 and 2004,  which ended on July 2, 2006 and
June 27,  2004,  respectively,  consisted  of 52 weeks,  while fiscal year 2005,
which ended on July 3, 2005, consisted of 53 weeks.

Net Revenues
<TABLE>
<S>                                  <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>
                                                              Years Ended
                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   July 2,                       July 3,                    June 27,
                                    2006        % Change          2005        % Change        2004
                                 ------------ --------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
                                                            (in thousands)
    Net revenues:
     Online                         $430,285           19.2%      $360,902         17.4%      $307,470
     Telephonic                      275,716            6.1%       259,929         (1.2%)      263,039
     Retail/fulfillment               75,740           51.9%        49,848         48.9%        33,469
                                      ------                        ------                      ------

                                    $781,741           16.6%      $670,679         11.0%      $603,978
                                    ========                      ========                    ========
</TABLE>

Net revenues consist primarily of the selling price of the merchandise,  service
or outbound shipping charges, less discounts, returns and credits. The Company's
revenue  growth of 16.6%  during the fiscal year ended July 2, 2006 was due to a
combination of organic  growth,  as well as the  acquisitions of Cheryl & Co., a
manufacturer  and direct marketer of cookies and baked gifts,  acquired on March
28, 2005, Wind & Weather, a direct marketer of weather-themed gifts, acquired on
October  31,  2005,  and Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc., a manufacturer and
multi-channel retailer of premium chocolates and other confections,  acquired on
May 1,  2006.  Excluding  the  impact  of  acquisitions,  and  adjusted  for the
additional  week of sales  during  fiscal  2005  which  consisted  of 53  weeks,
compared to fiscal 2006 which consisted of 52 weeks, total revenue growth during
fiscal  2006  was  9.3%,  reflecting:   (i)  the  Company's  strong  brand  name
recognition,  (ii) continued leveraging of its existing customer base, and (iii)


                                       25

<PAGE>
increased  spending on its marketing and selling  programs,  designed to improve
customer acquisition and accelerate top-line growth. Total revenue growth during
fiscal 2005 was 11.0%, reflecting:  (i) organic growth of approximately 8%, (ii)
the  aforementioned  acquisition of Cheryl & Co., and  the  acquisition  of  The
Winetasting  Network  on  November  15,  2004,  as well as the  inclusion  of an
additional week of sales, due to its 53 week year.

The Company fulfilled approximately 11,315,000, 10,213,000, and 9,322,000 orders
through its combined  online and  telephonic  sales  channels  during the fiscal
years  ended  July 2,  2006,  July 3,  2005,  and June 27,  2004,  respectively,
representing increases of 10.8% and 9.6% over the respective prior fiscal years.
Order volume  through the  Company's  online sales  channel,  which  contributed
60.9%,  58.1% and 53.9% of the total  combined  online and  telephonic  revenues
during the fiscal  years  ended  July 2, 2006,  July 3, 2005 and June 27,  2004,
increased  14.7% and 17.5%,  during the fiscal years ended July 2, 2006 and July
3, 2005, respectively, as a result of increased marketing efforts through search
engines and affiliates, and the incremental online revenue generated by Cheryl &
Co.,  which was  acquired  in March 2005 and Wind & Weather  acquired in October
2005. During fiscal 2006 the Company's telephonic channel order volume increased
4.6%, which was primarily  attributable to the additional  revenue from Cheryl &
Co. and Wind & Weather,  whereas fiscal 2005 telephonic  order volume  decreased
1.1%,  due to continued  migration of  customers to the  Company's  online sales
channel.  During fiscal 2006 the Company's  combined online and telephonic sales
channel average order value  increased 2.6% to $62.39,  as a result of increased
service and shipping charges  implemented to align them with industry norms, and
to partially  offset the impact of  increased  fuel costs passed on from freight
carriers.  During  fiscal  2005,  the  Company's  average sale from its combined
online and telephonic  sales channel of $60.79 declined  slightly as a result of
product mix, compared with $61.20 in fiscal 2004.

During the fiscal year ended July 2, 2006,  non-floral  gift products  accounted
for 49.4% of total  combined  telephonic  and online net  revenues,  compared to
47.3%  and  47.8%  during  the  years  ended  July 3,  2005 and  June 27,  2004,
respectively.

Retail/fulfillment  revenues for the fiscal years ended July 2, 2006 and July 3,
2005  increased in comparison  to the prior years,  primarily as a result of its
recent  acquisitions  of The  Winetasting  Network,  Cheryl & Co, and Fannie May
Confections Brands,  Inc. as well as increased  membership and sales of products
to the Company's BloomNet members.

At the start of the second half of fiscal 2005, the Company initiated a strategy
designed  to  extend  the  Company's  leadership  position  in  the  floral  and
thoughtful gift  marketplace,  and  implemented  plans to increase its marketing
spending  to drive  increased  customer  acquisition,  particularly  in the core
floral gift  category.  While the Company was  successful  in  achieving  strong
revenue  growth  during  this  period,  the  growth was below the level that the
Company  targeted to achieve with its increased  marketing  spend,  resulting in
lower than anticipated  earnings.  Having now achieved a solid base of business,
through  a  combination   of  organic   efforts  and   strategic   acquisitions,
management's  current focus is on improving the Company's earnings  performance.
As such,  the Company  expects  that its  organic  revenue  growth may  decrease
slightly  from its  current  rate of greater  than 9%,  but  result in  improved
profitability.

Gross Profit
<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>            <C>
                                                              Years Ended
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    July 6,                   July 3,                     June 27,
                                     2006       % Change       2005         % Change        2004
                                 ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------- -------------
                                                           (in thousands)

      Gross profit                  $325,644        18.1%      $275,651          9.0%      $252,867
      Gross margin %                  41.7%                      41.1%                       41.9%

</TABLE>


Gross profit consists of net revenues less cost of revenues,  which is comprised
primarily  of  florist  fulfillment  costs  (primarily  fees  paid  directly  to
florists),  the cost of floral and non-floral merchandise sold from inventory or
through third  parties,  and  associated  costs  including  inbound and outbound
shipping  charges.  Additionally,  cost of revenues  include  labor and facility
costs  related  to  direct-to-consumer   merchandise  operations.  Gross  profit
increased  during the fiscal year ended July 2, 2006, as a result of the revenue
growth described above, and improved gross margin percentage, which increased 60
basis points to 41.7% in  comparison  to prior year.  The improved  gross margin
percentage  during  fiscal 2006  resulted  from a  combination  of product  mix,
including  the additions of the Cheryl & Co. and Wind & Weather  product  lines,
which have higher gross margins and pricing initiatives related to both delivery
surcharges   during  the   Valentine's   Day  holiday  and   increases  in  base


                                       26

<PAGE>

service/shipping  charges.  During fiscal 2005, gross margin percentage declined
by 80 basis points in comparison to the prior fiscal year,  due to a combination
of product  mix,  increased  promotional  pricing,  and  increased  carrier fuel
surcharges  and  shipping  costs  associated  with the Monday  placement  of the
Valentine's Day Holiday.

During  fiscal  2007,  although  varying by quarter due to  seasonal  changes in
product mix, the Company expects that its gross margin  percentage will continue
to improve  primarily  through:  (i) growth of its higher margin non-floral gift
lines,  including  Cheryl & Co., Wind & Weather,  and most recently,  Fannie May
Confections  Brands,  (ii) improved product  sourcing,  pricing  initiatives and
customer   service  and   fulfillment   enhancements   which  are   expected  to
substantially  mitigate  continued  pressure  on shipping  costs,  and (iii) the
contribution of the BloomNet florist business,  which has completed its roll-out
investment  phase,  including the absorption of incremental sales and technology
personnel in order to develop a member directory, increase Bloomlink penetration
and expand membership,  which increased from  approximately  3,000 members as of
June 27, 2004 to over 9,000 members as of July 2, 2006.


Marketing and Sales Expense
<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>          <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                            Years Ended
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      July 2,                   July 3,                    June 27,
                                       2006       % Change       2005       % Change         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------- -------------
                                                             (in thousands)

     Marketing and sales              $239,573       20.4%      $198,935         15.5%     $172,251
     Percentage of sales                30.6%                     29.7%                      28.5%

</TABLE>


Marketing and sales expense  consists  primarily of advertising  and promotional
expenditures,  catalog costs, online portal and search agreements,  retail store
and fulfillment  operations  (other than costs included in cost of revenues) and
customer  service  center  expenses,  as well as the  operating  expenses of the
Company's   departments   engaged  in  marketing,   selling  and   merchandising
activities.  Marketing  and  sales  expense  increased  as a  percentage  of net
revenues  during the  fiscal  years  ended  July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005,  as a
result of several factors  including:  (i) the Company's efforts to increase new
customer  acquisition and accelerate top-line growth through increased marketing
efforts both online and via broadcast advertising,  (ii) investments required to
expand its BloomNet  business-to-business  floral operations,  (iii) incremental
expenses  associated  with  the  Company's  recent  acquisitions,  which,  while
contributing to revenue growth and achieving higher gross product margins,  also
incur  higher  marketing  expenses,  and (iv) the  impact of  adopting  SFAS No.
123(R),  "Share-Based  Payment" - refer to  Footnote 2 of the  Company's  Annual
Financial  Statements for further details.  During the fiscal year ended July 2,
2006,  the Company added  3,556,000 new  customers,  compared with 3,311,000 and
3,141,000  in  fiscal  2005 and  fiscal  2004,  respectively.  Of the  6,631,000
customers  who  placed  orders  during  the  fiscal  year  ended  July 2,  2006,
approximately  46.4%  represented  repeat  customers,  consistent with the prior
year. Repeat customers represented 45.0% of total customers during fiscal 2004.

As referenced  above,  while the Company's  marketing  programs  achieved strong
revenue  growth in fiscal  2006 and 2005,  this  growth has been below the level
that was targeted with the Company's  increased level of marketing spend. During
fiscal 2007,  the Company is focused on improving  its  operating  expense ratio
through a number of cost saving  initiatives,  including  catalog  printing  and
e-mail  pricing  improvements,  as well as a review  of the type,  quantity  and
effectiveness of its marketing  programs.  In addition to the improved operating
results  expected now that the Company has completed the investment phase of its
BloomNet florist business, the Company expects that marketing and sales expense,
as a percentage of revenue, will decrease in comparison to the prior year.

Technology and Development Expense
<TABLE>
<S>                                        <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>
                                                              Years Ended
                                    -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       July 2,                   July 3,                    June 27,
                                        2006       % Change       2005       % Change         2004
                                    ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------- -------------
                                                              (in thousands)

   Technology and development         $19,819         34.3%       $14,757          6.9%      $13,799
   Percentage of sales                  2.5%                        2.2%                       2.3%
</TABLE>



                                       27

<PAGE>

Technology and development  expense consists  primarily of payroll and operating
expenses of the Company's  information  technology group,  costs associated with
its Web sites,  including hosting,  design,  content development and maintenance
and support  costs  related to the  Company's  order  entry,  customer  service,
fulfillment and database systems.  Technology and development  expense increased
as a  percentage  of net  revenues  during the  fiscal  year ended July 2, 2006,
primarily  as a result of:  (i)  incremental  expenses  associated  with  system
improvements  required by The Winetasting  Network, and integration projects for
Wind &  Weather,  which  was  absorbed  into  the  Company's  Madison,  Virginia
operations,   (ii)  content   development  for  the  upgrade  of  the  Company's
1-800-Flowers.com  branded  website which was launched in the fourth  quarter of
fiscal 2006,  (iii) increases in the cost of maintenance and license  agreements
required to support the Company's  technology  platform,  and (iv) the impact of
adopting  SFAS No.  123(R),  "Share-Based  Payment" - refer to Footnote 2 of the
Company's  Annual  Financial  Statements  for further  details.  Technology  and
development expenses increased by 6.9% during fiscal 2005 in comparison to prior
year, but decreased as a percentage of net revenues primarily as a result of the
incremental  expenses of The Winetasting Network and Cheryl & Co., both of which
were acquired  during  fiscal 2005.  During the fiscal years ended July 2, 2006,
July 3, 2005,  and June 27, 2004,  the Company  expended  $33.6  million,  $24.0
million, and $22.8 million,  respectively,  technology and development, of which
$13.8  million,  $9.2  million,  and  $9.0  million,   respectively,   has  been
capitalized.

The Company believes that continued  investment in technology and development is
critical to attaining its strategic  objectives.  While many of its acquisition-
related integration  projects are complete,  as a result of incremental expenses
associated with it most recently acquired  businesses,  the Company expects that
its  spending in fiscal 2007 will remain  consistent  or decrease  slightly as a
percentage of net revenues.

General and Administrative Expenses
<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>           <C>            <C>        <C>          <C>
                                                             Years Ended
                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      July 2,                   July 3,                    June 27,
                                       2006       % Change       2005       % Change         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------
                                                             (in thousands)


 General and administrative            $43,978        23.6%       $35,572         17.0%       $30,415
 Percentage of sales                     5.6%                       5.3%                        5.0%
</TABLE>

General and  administrative  expense  consists of payroll and other  expenses in
support  of the  Company's  executive,  finance  and  accounting,  legal,  human
resources and other administrative  functions,  as well as professional fees and
other general corporate expenses.  General and administrative  expense increased
during the  fiscal  year ended  July 2, 2006 in  comparison  to the prior  year,
primarily as a result of: (i) incremental expenses associated with the Company's
acquired  businesses,  (ii) expenses  associated  with the  Company's  corporate
headquarters  relocation,  and (iii) the  impact of  adopting  SFAS No.  123(R),
"Share-Based  Payment" - refer to Footnote 2 of the Company's  Annual  Financial
Statements for further details.

General and  administrative  expense increased during the fiscal year ended July
3, 2005 in  comparison  to the prior  year,  due to:  (i)  incremental  expenses
associated  with the Company's  wine gift product line and  additional  overhead
added  during a seasonally  slow period for Cheryl & Co.,  which was acquired in
March 2005, (ii) an increase in professional fees associated with Sarbanes-Oxley
compliance,  and  (iii)  increased  travel  and  entertainment  related  to  the
Company's BloomNet business-to-business expansion.

Although  the  Company  believes  that its current  general  and  administrative
infrastructure  is  sufficient  to  support  existing   requirements  and  drive
operating leverage,  as a result of the incremental expenses associated with the
recently  acquired  businesses,  as well as the impact of the  adoption  of SFAS
123(R),  the Company expects that its general and  administrative  expenses as a
percentage of net revenue  during fiscal 2007 will be consistent  with the prior
year period.






                                       28
<PAGE>

Depreciation and Amortization
<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>
                                                             Years Ended
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      July 2,                   July 3,                    June 27,
                                       2006       % Change       2005       % Change         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------- -------------
                                                             (in thousands)


 Depreciation and amortization         $15,765        8.8%        $14,489        (3.4)%      $14,992
 Percentage of sales                     2.0%                       2.2%                       2.5%
</TABLE>

Depreciation  and  amortization  expense  increased during the fiscal year ended
July 2, 2006 in  comparison  to the prior  year  period,  due  primarily  to the
incremental  amortization  expense related to the  intangibles  established as a
result of the  acquisitions  of Cheryl & Co.,  Wind & Weather and more  recently
Fannie  May Confections  Brands,  Inc.  Depreciation  and  amortization  expense
decreased  slightly  during the fiscal year ended July 3, 2005 in  comparison to
the prior year  period,  as a result of the  Company's  then  declining  rate of
capital  additions.   During  both  fiscal  2006  and  2005,   depreciation  and
amortization  expense,  as  a  percentage  of  revenue,   decreased  over  their
respective prior year periods, reflecting the Company's leverage of its existing
infrastructure.

The Company believes that continued investment in its infrastructure,  primarily
in the areas of technology  and  development,  including the  improvement of the
technology  platforms are critical to attaining its strategic  objectives.  As a
result  of these  improvements,  but  primarily  as a result of an  increase  in
amortization  expense  associated  with  intangibles  established as a result of
recent acquisitions,  the Company expects that depreciation and amortization for
fiscal 2007 will increase slightly as a percentage of net revenues in comparison
to the prior year.

Other Income (Expense)
<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>             <C>
                                                                     Years Ended
                                   -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      July 2,                   July 3,                    June 27,
                                       2006       % Change       2005       % Change         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------- -------------
                                                             (in thousands)


 Interest income                       $1,260       (25.4)%       $1,690         27.6%       $1,324
 Interest expense                      (1,407)     (192.5)%         (481)        27.5%         (663)
 Other, net                                 6       (95.7)%          140        141.1%         (341)
                                   ------------               ------------               -------------
                                        $(141)     (110.5)%        $1349        321.6%         $320
                                   ============               ============               =============
</TABLE>

Other  income  (expense)  consists  primarily of interest  income  earned on the
Company's  investments and available cash balances,  offset by interest expense,
primarily  attributable  to the Company's  capital  leases,  long-term debt, and
revolving  line of credit.  In order to finance  the  acquisition  of Fannie May
Confections  Brands,  Inc.  on May 1, 2006,  the Company  entered  into a $135.0
million   secured   credit   facility  with  JPMorgan   Chase  Bank,   N.A.,  as
administrative  agent, and a group of lenders (the "2006 Credit Facility").  The
2006 Credit  Facility  includes an $85.0  million term loan and a $50.0  million
revolving  facility,  which bear  interest at LIBOR plus 0.625% to 1.125%,  with
pricing  based upon the  Company's  leverage  ratio.  At  closing,  the  Company
borrowed  $85.0 million of the term  facility to acquire all of the  outstanding
capital stock of Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.

The  decrease  in other  income  (expense)  during the fiscal year ended July 2,
2006, in comparison to fiscal 2005 was the result of higher interest  expense on
the Company's 2006 Credit Facility, as well as lower interest income,  resulting
from a  decrease  in  average  cash  balances,  due to the  acquisitions  of The
Winetasting Network in November 2004, Cheryl & Co. in March 2005, Wind & Weather
in November 2005, and Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc. in May 2006, which was
partially  funded from the  Company's  existing  cash  balances,  as well as the
Company's stock buy-back program.

The  increase in other  income  (expense)  during the fiscal years ended July 3,
2005,  in comparison  to the fiscal 2004 was  primarily  attributable  to higher
interest income resulting from an increase in interest rate returns,  as well as
lower interest expense due to maturing debt and capital lease obligations.

                                       29

<PAGE>

Income Taxes

During  the  fiscal  years  ended  July 2, 2006 and July 3,  2005,  the  Company
recorded income tax expense of $3.2 million and $5.4 million,  respectively. The
Company's effective tax rate for the fiscal years ended July 2, 2006 and July 3,
2005 was 50.0% and 40.7%, respectively. The effective tax rate during the fiscal
year  ended  July 2,  2006  includes  the  impact  of  share-based  compensation
recognized in accordance  with SFAS No.  123(R),  and resulted in an increase in
the annual  effective  income tax rate for fiscal  2006 of  approximately  8.5%,
resulting primarily from the associated  book/tax  differences in accounting for
incentive stock options.  Additionally, the Company's effective tax rate for the
fiscal years ended July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005 differed from  the U.S. federal
statutory rate of 35% primarily due to state income taxes,  partially  offset by
various tax credits.

During the fiscal year ended June 27, 2004,  the Company  recorded an income tax
benefit of approximately $19.2 million (net) due to the removal of the Company's
valuation  allowance on its deferred tax assets which consisted primarily of net
operating loss carryforwards  (see below),  offset in part by income tax expense
for federal alternative minimum tax and various state taxes resulting from state
tax law changes  that  deferred the use of available  net  operating  losses for
state purposes.

At June 27, 2004,  management of the Company reassessed the valuation  allowance
previously  established  against  its net  deferred  tax  assets.  Based  on the
Company's  earnings  history and projected  future  taxable  income,  management
determined  that it was more likely than not that the  deferred tax assets would
be  realized.  Accordingly,  the Company  removed  the  valuation  allowance  of
approximately  $30.0  million  from its  deferred  tax assets  resulting  in the
recognition of an income tax benefit of approximately $20.8 million, a reduction
of goodwill of approximately $3.1 million, related to the acquired net operating
losses of  GreatFood.com,  and an  increase  in  additional  paid-in-capital  of
approximately  $6.1  million  related to income  tax  benefits  associated  with
employee stock option exercises.  The favorable impact of the income tax benefit
has distorted the trends in our net income and will impact the  comparability of
our net income with other periods.

At  July  2,  2006,   the  Company's   federal  and  state  net  operating  loss
carryforwards were  approximately  $63.4 million,  which, if not utilized,  will
begin to expire in fiscal year 2020.



                                       30

<PAGE>
Quarterly Results of Operations

The  following  table  provides  unaudited  quarterly  consolidated  results  of
operations for each quarter of fiscal years 2006 and 2005. The Company  believes
this unaudited information has been prepared  substantially on the same basis as
the  annual  audited   consolidated   financial  statements  and  all  necessary
adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, have been included
in the  amounts  stated  below  to  present  fairly  the  Company's  results  of
operations. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative
of the operating results for any future period.
<TABLE>
<S>                                 <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>
                                                                    Three months ended
                                    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     Jul. 2,    Apr. 2,    Jan. 1,    Oct. 2,   Jul. 3,  Mar. 27,   Dec. 26,   Sep. 26,
                                      2006       2006       2006       2005      2005      2005       2004      2004
                                    --------- --------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------
                                                         (in thousands, except per share data)
Net revenues:
 Online                             $124,372  $110,278   $133,362     $62,273  $108,492    $91,638   $107,686    $53,086
 Telephonic                           60,670    51,542    125,122      38,382    60,349     52,424    109,570     37,586
 Retail/fulfillment                   26,088    18,197     19,345      12,110    17,277     12,971     12,758      6,842
                                    --------- --------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Total net revenues                   211,130   180,017    277,829     112,765   186,118    157,033    230,014     97,514
Cost of revenues                     126,778   109,743    152,837      66,739   111,737     97,947    127,402     57,942
                                    --------- --------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Gross profit                          84,352    70,274    124,992      46,062    74,381     59,086    102,612     39,572

Operating expenses:
 Marketing and sales                  60,287    53,188     87,874      38,224    50,389     45,813     72,841     29,892
 Technology and development            5,083     5,170      4,797       4,769     4,201      4,160      3,292      3,104
 General and administrative           11,804    11,181     10,357      10,636    10,152      9,864      7,954      7,602
 Depreciation and amortization         4,555     3,877      3,809       3,524     3,473      3,350      3,770      3,896
                                    --------- --------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

   Total operating expenses           81,729    73,416    106,837      57,153    68,215     63,187     87,857     44,494
                                    --------- --------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Operating income (loss)                2,623    (3,142)    18,155     (11,127)    6,166     (4,101)    14,755     (4,922)

Other income (expense), net             (678)      515       (115)        137       423        509        172        245
                                    --------- --------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Income (loss) before income taxes      1,945    (2,627)    18,040     (10,990)    6,589     (3,592)    14,927     (4,677)
Income taxes (benefit)                   928    (1,087)     7,704      (4,364)    2,688     (1,546)     6,223     (1,967)
                                    --------- --------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Net income (loss)                     $1,017   $(1,540)   $10,336     $(6,626)   $3,901    $(2,046)    $8,704    $(2,710)
                                    ========= ========= ========== =========== ========= ========== ========== ==========

Basic and diluted net income(loss)
 per share:                            $0.02    $(0.02)     $0.16      $(0.10)    $0.06     $(0.03)     $0.13     $(0.04)
                                    ========= ========= ========== =========== ========= ========== ========== ==========
</TABLE>

The Company's quarterly results may experience seasonal fluctuations. Due to the
Company's expansion into non-floral products,  including the acquisitions of The
Winetasting  Network  and  Cheryl  & Co.  during  fiscal  2005 as well as Wind &
Weather  and Fannie  May  Confections  Brands,  Inc.  during  fiscal  2006,  the
Thanksgiving  through Christmas holiday season, which falls within the Company's
second fiscal quarter,  generates the highest proportion of the Company's annual
revenues.  Additionally,  as the  result  of a number  of major  floral  gifting
occasions, including Mother's Day, Administrative Professionals Week and Easter,
revenues also rise during the Company's  fiscal fourth  quarter.  Results during
the  Company's  fiscal  first  quarter  will  be  negatively   impacted  by  the
aforementioned  acquisitions  due to their seasonal  nature and the  incremental
overhead  incurred  during this slow period.  Also,  it should be noted that the
operating expenses for their respective quarterly periods in fiscal 2006 reflect
the impact of adopting SFAS No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment" - refer to audited
financial statement Note (2) for further details.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

At July 2, 2006,  the Company had working  capital of $41.2  million,  including
cash and  equivalents  of $24.6  million,  compared to working  capital of $41.7
million,  including cash and  equivalents  and  short-term  investments of $46.6
million, at July 3, 2005.
                                      31
<PAGE>
Net cash  provided by operating  activities of $14.7 million for the fiscal year
ended  July 2,  2006  was  primarily  attributable  to  earnings,  adjusted  for
depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, deferred income
taxes and other  non-cash  charges,  which in total  amounted to $26.1  million,
offset in part by increases in  inventory  due to lead times  required to source
lower cost  foreign  products,  and  decreases  in accounts  payable and accrued
expenses.

Net cash used in  investing  activities  of $110.7  million  for the fiscal year
ended July 2, 2006 was primarily  attributable  to funding  acquisitions  ($96.9
million), including Wind & Weather ($5.0 million)  and  Fannie  May  Confections
Brands, Inc. ($91.9 million), as well as capital expenditures, primarily related
to the Company's technology infrastructure,  offset in part by net proceeds from
the sale of the Company's short-term investments.

Net cash  provided by financing  activities of $80.6 million for the fiscal year
ended July 2, 2006, was due primarily to bank  borrowings  against the Company's
2006  Credit  Facility  which was used to fund the  acquisition  of  Fannie  May
Confections Brands,  Inc. in May 2006, as well as net proceeds received upon the
exercise  of  employee  stock  options,  offset  in part by cash  used to  repay
outstanding debt and long-term capital lease obligations,  as well as repurchase
182,000  shares of the  Company's  Class A common  stock,  which were  placed in
treasury, for approximately $1.3 million.

On May 1,  2006,  the  Company  entered  into a $135.0  million  secured  credit
facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and a group of
lenders (the "2006 Credit Facility"). The 2006 Credit Facility includes an $85.0
million term loan and a $50.0  million  revolving  credit  facility,  which bear
interest at LIBOR plus 0.625% to 1.125%,  with pricing  based upon the Company's
leverage  ratio.  At closing,  the Company  borrowed  $85.0  million of the term
facility  to  acquire  all  of the  outstanding  capital  stock  of  Fannie  May
Confections  Brands,  Inc. The Company is required to pay the outstanding  term
loan in quarterly installments, with the final installment payment due on May 1,
2012. The 2006 Credit Facility  contains  various  conditions to borrowing,  and
affirmative and negative  financial  covenants.  Concurrent with the 2006 Credit
Facility,  the Company's previous $25.0 million revolving credit facilities were
terminated.  The Company  expects to draw down on its revolving  credit facility
towards  the end of its  fiscal  first  quarter  in  order  to fund  pre-holiday
manufacturing and inventory purchases.

The Company has historically utilized cash generated from operations to meet its
cash  requirements,  including  all  operating,  investing  and  debt  repayment
activities.  Due to the Company's continued expansion into non-floral  products,
including the aforementioned acquisitions of Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.
the Company  expects to utilize its existing $50.0 million line of credit during
its fiscal first and second quarter to fund working capital requirements,  which
have  increased  during this time period as a result of increased  inventory and
pre-holiday manufacturing requirements.

At July 2, 2006, the Company's contractual obligations consist of:
<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>               <C>             <C>           <C>              <C>
                                                                     Payments due by period
                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        (in thousands)
                                                      Less than 1        1 - 3        3 - 5          More than 5
                                       Total            year             years        years             years
                                     -----------    --------------    ----------   ------------     -------------



Long-term debt
(including interest)                  $107,871           $15,673        $30,922        $34,836         $26,440
Capital lease obligations                  489               409             36             26              18
Operating lease obligations             62,437             9,666         15,774          9,344          27,653
Sublease obligations                     6,776             2,120          2,780          1,302             574
Other cash obligations (*)               2,000             2,000              -              -               -
Purchase commitments (**)               27,491            27,491              -              -               -
                                     -----------    --------------    ----------   ------------     -------------
Total                                 $207,064           $57,359        $49,512        $45,508         $54,685
                                     ===========    ==============    ==========   ============     =============
</TABLE>

(*) Other cash obligations  consist primarily  of online  marketing  contractual
agreements.
(**) Purchase  commitments consist primarily of inventory and equipment purchase
orders made in the ordinary course of business.



                                       32
<PAGE>
On May 12, 2005,  the  Company's  Board of  Directors  increased  the  Company's
authorization  to  repurchase  the  Company's  Class A  common  stock  up to $20
million,  from the previous authorized limit of $10 million.  Any such purchases
could  be made  from  time to time in the  open  market  and  through  privately
negotiated  transactions,  subject to general market conditions.  The repurchase
program  will be financed  utilizing  available  cash.  As of July 2, 2006,  the
Company had repurchased  1,510,050 shares of common stock for $11.1 million,  of
which $1.3  million and $9.8  million was  repurchased  during the fiscal  years
ending July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005, respectively.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The Company's  discussion and analysis of its financial  position and results of
operations   are  based   upon  the   consolidated   financial   statements   of
1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc.,  which  have been  prepared  in  accordance  with U.S.
generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  The preparation of these financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported  amount of assets,  liabilities,  revenue  and  expenses,  and  related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management
evaluates  its  estimates,  including  those  related  to  revenue  recognition,
inventory and long-lived assets,  including goodwill and other intangible assets
related  to  acquisitions.  Management  bases its  estimates  and  judgments  on
historical  experience  and on various  other  factors  that are  believed to be
reasonable  under the  circumstances,  the  results  of which form the basis for
making  judgments  about the carrying values of assets and  liabilities.  Actual
results  may  differ  from  these  estimates  under  different   assumptions  or
conditions.  Management  believes the following  critical  accounting  policies,
among  others,  affect its more  significant  judgments  and  estimates  used in
preparation of its consolidated financial statements.

Revenue Recognition

Net  revenues  are  generated  by  online,  telephonic  and  retail  fulfillment
operations and primarily consist of the selling price of merchandise, service or
outbound shipping charges, less discounts, returns and credits. Net revenues are
recognized upon product shipment. Shipping terms are FOB shipping point.


Accounts Receivable

The Company  maintains  allowances  for doubtful  accounts for estimated  losses
resulting  from the inability of its customers or  franchisees  to make required
payments.  If the financial  condition of the Company's customers or franchisees
were to  deteriorate,  resulting  in an  impairment  of  their  ability  to make
payments, additional allowances may be required.

Inventory

The Company  states  inventory at the lower of cost or market.  In assessing the
realization  of  inventories,  we are  required to make  judgments  as to future
demand  requirements and compare that with inventory levels. It is possible that
changes in consumer  demand could cause a reduction in the net realizable  value
of inventory.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill  represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
net assets  acquired  and is  evaluated  annually  for  impairment.  The cost of
intangible assets with determinable lives is amortized to reflect the pattern of
economic benefits consumed, on a straight-line basis, over the estimated periods
benefited, ranging from 3 to 16 years.

The Company performs an annual impairment test as of the first day of its fiscal
fourth  quarter,  or earlier if indicators  of potential  impairment  exist,  to
evaluate goodwill. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying amount of the
reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. In assessing the recoverability
of  goodwill,  the Company  reviews  both  quantitative  as well as  qualitative
factors to support its assumptions with regard to fair value. Judgment regarding
the  existence  of  impairment  indicators  is based on  market  conditions  and
operational performance of the Company. Future events could cause the Company to
conclude that impairment indicators exist and that goodwill and other intangible
assets associated with our acquired businesses is impaired.

                                       33
<PAGE>


Capitalized Software

The carrying  value of  capitalized  software,  both  purchased  and  internally
developed, is periodically reviewed for potential impairment indicators.  Future
events could cause the Company to conclude that impairment  indicators exist and
that capitalized software is impaired.

Stock-based Compensation

SFAS No. 123R requires the measurement of stock-based compensation expense based
on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. The Company  determines the
fair value of stock  options  issued by using the  Black-Scholes  option-pricing
model. The Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model considers a range of assumptions
related to  volatility,  dividend  yield,  risk-free  interest rate and employee
exercise behavior.  Expected  volatilities are based on historical volatility of
the Company's stock price. The dividend yield is based on historical  experience
and future  expectations.  The  risk-free  interest  rate is derived from the US
Treasury  yield curve in effect at the time of grant.  The  Black-Scholes  model
also  incorporates  expected  forfeiture  rates,  based on historical  behavior.
Determining  these  assumptions  are  subjective and complex,  and therefore,  a
change in the  assumptions  utilized  could impact the  calculation  of the fair
value of the  Company's  stock  options.  Prior  to July 3,  2005,  the  Company
followed  APB  No.  25,  and  related  interpretations.  Under  APB No.  25,  no
stock-based  compensation  expense was recognized related to the Company's stock
option program, as all options granted had an exercise price equal to the market
value of the underlying common stock price on the date of grant.

Income Taxes

The Company  has  established  deferred  income tax assets and  liabilities  for
temporary  differences  between the financial reporting bases and the income tax
bases of its  assets and  liabilities  at enacted  tax rates  expected  to be in
effect when such assets or liabilities are realized or settled.  The Company has
recognized  as a deferred  tax asset the tax  benefits  associated  with  losses
related to  operations,  which are  expected to result in a future tax  benefit.
Realization  of this deferred tax asset assumes that we will be able to generate
sufficient  future  taxable  income so that these assets will be  realized.  The
factors that we consider in assessing the likelihood of realization  include the
forecast of future  taxable  income and available tax planning  strategies  that
could be implemented to realize the deferred tax assets.


Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In July 2006, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued FASB
Interpretation  No. 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes" ("FIN 48").
FIN  48  applies  to all  tax  positions  accounted  for  under  SFAS  no.  109,
"Accounting  for  Income  Taxes" and  defines  the  confidence  level that a tax
position must meet in order to be recognized  in the financial  statements.  The
interpretation requires that the tax effects of a position be recognized only if
it is  "more-likely-than-not"  to be sustained by the taxing authority as of the
reporting date. If a tax position is not considered "more-likely-than-not" to be
sustained then no benefits of the position are to be recognized. FIN 48 requires
additional  disclosures and is effective as of the beginning of the first fiscal
year beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently  evaluating the
effect  that the  adoption  of FIN 48 will have on its  consolidated  results of
operations and financial condition.




                                       34
<PAGE>


Item 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

           The Company's earnings  and cash flows  are subject  to  fluctuations
           due to changes  in  interest rates  primarily from its  investment of
           available  cash  balances in money market funds and  investment grade
           corporate and U.S. government securities. Under its current policies,
           the Company  does not  use interest  rate  derivative  instruments to
           manage exposure to interest rate changes.

Item 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

           Annual  Financial  Statements: See Part IV,  Item 15 of  this  Annual
           Report on  Form 10-K.
           Selected Quarterly Financial Data: See Part II, Item 7 of this Annual
           Report on Form 10-K.

Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
           ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

           None.

Item 9A.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

           Under the  supervision and  with the participation of our management,
           including  the Chief  Executive Officer  and Chief Financial Officer,
           we have  evaluated the  effectiveness of  the design and operation of
           the Company's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange
           Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) as of the end of  the period covered
           by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
           and Chief  Financial Officer have  concluded  that, as of the end the
           period  covered   by  this  report,  these  disclosure  controls  and
           procedures  are  effective  in  alerting them  in a  timely manner to
           material  information  required to  be  disclosed  in  the  Company's
           periodic reports  filed with  the SEC. There  were no  changes in our
           internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in
           Exhange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) during  the fiscal quarter
           ended July 2, 2006 that have  materially affected, or  are reasonably
           likely to materially affect, our  internal  controls  over  financial
           reporting.

                                       35
<PAGE>

           Management's   Report  on Internal  Control Over  Financial Reporting

           Management  of  the  Company  is  responsible  for  establishing  and
           maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting.
           Internal   control   over  financial  reporting  is  defined in Rules
           13-a-15(f)   and  15d-15(f)  under  the  Exchange  Act  as  a process
           designed  by, or  under the  supervision  of, the Company's principal
           executive  and  principal  financial  officers  and  effected  by the
           Company's  board  of  directors,  management  and other  personnel to
           provide   reasonable   assurance   regarding   the   reliability   of
           financial  reporting  and  the  preparation of  financial  statements
           for  external purposes in  accordance  with U.S.  generally  accepted
           accounting  principles  and includes  those  policies  and procedures
           that:

                 o  pertain to the  maintenance of  records that, in  reasonable
                    detail,  accurately and fairly reflect the transactions  and
                    dispositions of the assets of the Company;

                 o  provide reasonable assurance  that transactions are recorded
                    as necessary to permit  preparation of financial  statements
                    in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
                    and that receipts and expenditures of the Company  are being
                    made only in accordance with authorization of management and
                    directors of the Company; and

                 o  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention  or timely
                    detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
                    the Company's assets that could  have a  material effect  on
                    the financial statements.

               Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over
               financial  reporting  may not  prevent  or detect  misstatements.
               Also,  projections of any evaluation of  effectiveness  to future
               periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become
               inadequate  because of changes in conditions,  or that the degree
               of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

               Management  assessed the effectiveness of the Company's  internal
               control over  financial  reporting as of July 2, 2006.  In making
               this  assessment,  management  used the criteria  established  in
               "Internal Control-Integrated  Framework," issued by the Committee
               of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

               Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of July 2,
               2006 the Company's  internal control over financial  reporting is
               effective.

               The Company acquired  Fannie  May Confections Brands, Inc. on May
               1,  2006,  and   has  excluded  the  acquired  company  from  its
               assessment of and conclusion  on  the effectiveness  of  internal
               control over financial  reporting. For  the  year  ended  July 2,
               2006,  the acquired  business accounted for 0.7% of the Company's
               total net  revenue.  As  of  July 2, 2006, the  acquired business
               accounted for 8.4% of the Company's total assets, excluding $75.5
               million of  goodwill and other intangible asset amounts that were
               recorded in connection with the acquisition.

               Ernst & Young LLP, the Company's  independent  registered  public
               accounting  firm, has issued a report on management's  assessment
               and the  effectiveness  of the  Company's  internal  control over
               financial reporting, as of July 2, 2006; their report is included
               in Item 9A.

                                       36

<PAGE>
               Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

               To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM,
               Inc. and Subsidiaries

               We  have  audited  management's   assessment,   included  in  the
               accompanying   Management's   Report  on  Internal  Control  Over
               Financial   Reporting,    that   1-800-FLOWERS.COM,    Inc.   and
               Subsidiaries  (the  "Company")   maintained   effective  internal
               control over  financial  reporting  as of July 2, 2006,  based on
               criteria  established  in Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework
               issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of the
               Treadway  Commission  (the  COSO  criteria).   1-800-FLOWERS.COM,
               Inc.'s  management  is  responsible  for  maintaining   effective
               internal control over financial  reporting and for its assessment
               of  the   effectiveness   of  internal   control  over  financial
               reporting.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on
               management's  assessment and an opinion on the  effectiveness  of
               the company's internal control over financial  reporting based on
               our audit.

               We conducted  our audit in  accordance  with the standards of the
               Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United  States). Those
               standards require that we plan and  perform  the  audit to obtain
               reasonable  assurance about whether  effective  internal  control
               over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
               Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
               over  financial reporting,  evaluating  management's  assessment,
               testing  and evaluating  the design and  operating  effectiveness
               of internal control,  and performing  such other procedures as we
               considered necessary  in  the  circumstances. We believe that our
               audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

               A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is a
               process designed to provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding the
               reliability  of  financial   reporting  and  the  preparation  of
               financial  statements  for external  purposes in accordance  with
               generally accepted  accounting  principles.  A company's internal
               control over  financial  reporting  includes  those  policies and
               procedures  that (1) pertain to the  maintenance of records that,
               in  reasonable   detail,   accurately   and  fairly  reflect  the
               transactions and  dispositions of the assets of the company;  (2)
               provide  reasonable  assurance that  transactions are recorded as
               necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in
               accordance with generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and
               that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only
               in accordance with  authorizations of management and directors of
               the  company;  and (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding
               prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,  use,
               or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material
               effect on the financial statements.

                                       37
<PAGE>

               Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over
               financial  reporting  may not  prevent  or detect  misstatements.
               Also,  projections of any evaluation of  effectiveness  to future
               periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become
               inadequate  because of changes in conditions,  or that the degree
               of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

               As indicated in the accompanying  Management's Report on Internal
               Control  Over  Financial   Reporting  in  Item  9A,  management's
               assessment  of and  conclusion on the  effectiveness  of internal
               control  over  financial  reporting  did not include the internal
               controls  of  Fannie  May Confections  Brands, Inc.,  which   are
               included  in   the  Fiscal 2006 consolidated financial statements
               of 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and Subsidiaries and  constituted 8.4%
               of  total  assets  as of July 2, 2006,  excluding  $75.5  million
               of  goodwill  and other  intangible  asset  amounts  recorded  in
               connection with these acquisitions, and 0.7% of  revenues for the
               fiscal  year  then  ended.  Our  audit  of  internal control over
               financial reporting of   1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and Subsidiaries
               also did not include an evaluation of the internal  control  over
               financial reporting of Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.

               In our opinion,  management's  assessment that 1-800-FLOWERS.COM,
               Inc. and Subsidiaries  maintained effective internal control over
               financial  reporting as of July 2, 2006, is fairly stated, in all
               material  respects,  based on the  COSO  criteria.  Also,  in our
               opinion, 1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. and Subsidiaries maintained, in
               all material respects,  effective internal control over financial
               reporting as of July 2, 2006, based on the COSO criteria.

               We have also  audited,  in  accordance  with the standards of the
               Public Company  Accounting  Oversight Board (United States),  the
               consolidated  balance  sheets  of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM,   Inc.  and
               Subsidiaries as of July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005, and the related
               consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash
               flows for each of the three  years in the  period  ended  July 2,
               2006  and our  report  dated  September  13,  2006  expressed  an
               unqualified opinion thereon.


               /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

               Melville, New York
               September 13, 2006

                                       38

<PAGE>
               Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

               There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control
               over  financial  reporting  (as  such  term is  defined  in Rules
               13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under the  Exchange  Act)  during  the
               quarter ended July 2, 2006 that have materially affected,  or are
               reasonably likely to materially  affect,  the Company's  internal
               control over financial reporting.

Item 9B.       OTHER INFORMATION

               None.

                                    PART III

Item 10.       DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

               The  information  set forth in the Proxy  Statement  for the 2006
               annual  meeting  of  stockholders   is  incorporated   herein  by
               reference.

               The Company  maintains a Code of Ethics,  which is  applicable to
               all   directors,   officers   and   employees   on  the  Investor
               Relations-Corporate  Governance  tab of the Company's  website at
               www.1800flowers.com.  Any  amendment  or  waiver  to the  Code of
               Ethics that applies to our  directors or executive  officers will
               be posted on our  website  or in a report  filed  with the SEC on
               Form  8-K.  A copy of the Code of  Ethics  is  available  without
               charge   upon   written   request   to:    Investor    Relations,
               1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc.,  Old  Country  Road,  Suite 500,  Carle
               Place, New York 11514.

Item 11.       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

               The  information  set forth in the Proxy  Statement  for the 2006
               Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders   is  incorporated   herein  by
               reference.

Item 12.       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
               AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

               The  information  set forth in the Proxy  Statement  for the 2006
               Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders   is  incorporated   herein  by
               reference.

Item 13.       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

               The  information  set forth in the Proxy  Statement  for the 2006
               Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders   is  incorporated   herein  by
               reference.

Item 14.       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

               The  information  set forth in the Proxy  Statement  for the 2006
               Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders   is  incorporated   herein  by
               reference.

                                       39
<PAGE>
                                     PART IV

Item 15.   EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

 (a) (1) Index to Consolidated Financial Statements:
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                  F-1
    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005          F-2
    Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended July 2, 2006,
     July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004                                          F-3
    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
     July 2, 2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004                            F-4
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 2, 2006,
     July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004                                          F-5
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                               F-6

 (a)(2) Index to Financial Statement Schedules:

    Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                          S-1

    All  other  information  and  financial  statement  schedules  are  omitted
    because  they are  not applicable, or not required, or because the required
    information is  included in  the consolidated financial statements or notes
    thereto.

 (a)(3) Index to Exhibits

    Exhibits  marked  with  an asterisk (*) are  incorporated  by  reference  to
    exhibits  or  appendices  previously  filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission, as indicated by the  reference is  brackets. All  other exhibits
    are  filed  herewith. Exhibits  10.3, 10.4,  10.5, 10.6, 10.7  and 10.8  are
    management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.

Exhibit   Description
- -------   -----------
  *2.1   Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2006, by and among
         1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc., FMCB Acquisition Co., Inc.,  Fannie May
         Confections Brands, Inc. (formerly known as Alpine Confections, Inc.),
         Alpine Confections Holdings, Inc., Alpine Confections Canada, ULC,
         Maxfield Candy Company, Kencraft, Inc., the securityholders of Fannie
         May Confections Brands, Inc. whose names are set forth on the signature
         pages thereto and R. Taz Murray, as Sellers' Representative (current
         report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2006, Exhibit 2.1)
  *3.1   Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (Registration
         Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-78985)filed on July 9, 1999, Exhibit
         3.1)
  *3.2   Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Certificate of
         Incorporation. (Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-78985)
         filed on July 22, 1999, Exhibit 3.2)
  *3.3   Amended and Restated By-laws.(Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
         (No. 333-78985)filed on May 21, 1999, Exhibit 3.3)
  *4.1   Specimen Class A common stock certificate.(Registration Statement on
         Form S-1/A (No. 333-78985)filed on July 9, 1999, Exhibit 4.1)
  *4.2   See Exhibits 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3 for provisions of the Certificate of
         Incorporation and By-laws of the Registrant defining the rights of
         holders of Common Stock of the Registrant.
 *10.1   Lease, commencing on May 15, 1998, between 1600 Stewart Avenue, L.L.C.
         and 800-FLOWERS, Inc.(Registration Statement on Form S-1(No. 333-78985)
         filed on May 21, 1999, Exhibit 10.1)
 *10.2   Credit Agreement dated as of May 1, 2006 among 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc.
         the Subsidiary Borrowers party thereto, the Guarantors party thereto
         and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent. (Current Report
         on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2006, Exhibit 99.1).
 *10.3   1997 Stock Option Plan, as amended. (Registration Statement on Form
         S-1 (No. 333-78985)filed on May 21, 1999, Exhibit 10.10)
 *10.4   1999 Stock Incentive Plan. (Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
         (No. 333-78985)filed on July 27, 1999, Exhibit 10.18)
 *10.5   Employment Agreement, effective as of July 1, 1999 between James F.
         McCann and 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. (Registration Statement on Form
         S-1/A (No. 333-78985)filed on July 9, 1999, Exhibit 10.19)
 *10.6   Employment Agreement, effective as of July 1, 1999 between Christopher
         G. McCann and 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. (Registration Statement on Form
         S-1/A (No. 333-78985)filed on July 9, 1999, Exhibit 10.20)
 *10.7   2003 Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan (Definitive Proxy
         Statement filed on October 27, 2003 (No. 000-26841), Annex D)
 *10.8   Employment Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2006 by and among 1-800-
         FLOWERS.COM, Inc., Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc. and David
         Taiclet.
 *10.9   Lease, dated May 20, 2005, between Treeline Mineola, LLC and
         1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc.(Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended July 3, 2005 filed on September 15, 2005, Exhibit 10.26)
  21.1   Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
  23.1   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
  24.1   Powers of Attorney (included in the signature page).
  31.1   Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
         2002.
  32.1   Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
         2002.
                                       40
<PAGE>
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: September 15, 2006                  1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc.

                                           By:      /s/ James F. McCann
                                           ----------------------------
                                           James F. McCann
                                           Chief Executive Officer
                                           Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                           (Principal Executive Officer)

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated below:


Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ James F. McCann
                                           -------------------------
                                           James F. McCann
                                           Chief Executive Officer
                                           Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                           (Principal Executive Officer)

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ William E. Shea
                                           --------------------------
                                           William E. Shea
                                           Senior Vice President Finance and
                                           Administration (Principal Financial
                                           and Accounting Officer)

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ Christopher G. McCann
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Christopher G. McCann
                                           Director, President

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ John J. Conefry, Jr.
                                           ------------------------------
                                           John J. Conefry, Jr.
                                           Director

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ Leonard J. Elmore
                                           ---------------------------
                                           Leonard J. Elmore
                                           Director

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ Kevin J. O'Connor
                                           ---------------------------
                                           Kevin J. O'Connor
                                           Director

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ Mary Lou Quinlan
                                           --------------------------
                                           Mary Lou Quinlan
                                           Director

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ Deven Sharma
                                           -----------------------
                                           Deven Sharma
                                           Director

Dated: September 15, 2006                  By:   /s/ Jeffrey C. Walker
                                           ---------------------------
                                           Jeffrey C. Walker
                                           Director



                                       41
<PAGE>





             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



The Board of Directors and Stockholders of
1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and Subsidiaries

We   have   audited   the   accompanying    consolidated   balance   sheets   of
1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of July 2, 2006 and
July 3, 2005, and the related consolidated  statements of income,  stockholders'
equity,  and cash flows for each of the three years in the period  ended July 2,
2006. Our audits also included the financial  statement  schedule  listed in the
index  at  Item  15(a).   These  financial   statements  and  schedule  are  the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of 1-800-FLOWERS.COM,
Inc. and  Subsidiaries  at July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005,  and the  consolidated
results of its  operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended July 2, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when
considered  in  relation  to the basic  financial  statements  taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.

As  discussed in Note 2 to the  consolidated  financial  statements  the Company
adopted  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 123(R),  "Share-Based
Payment," as revised, effective July 4, 2005.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting    Oversight   Board   (United   States),    the   effectiveness   of
1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc.'s internal control over financial  reporting as of July
2, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated  Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the Treadway  Commission
and our report  dated  September  13,  2006  expressed  an  unqualified  opinion
thereon.



                                                           /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Melville, New York
September 13, 2006


                                       F-1

<PAGE>


                                        1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                              Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                           (in thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                            <C>           <C>
                                                                                          July 2,       July 3,
                                                                                            2006         2005
                                                                                        ------------- ------------

Assets
Current assets:
 Cash and equivalents                                                                    $ 24,599      $ 39,961
 Short-term investments                                                                         -         6,647
 Receivables, net                                                                          13,153        10,619
 Inventories                                                                               52,954        28,675
 Deferred income taxes                                                                     17,427        10,219
 Prepaid and other                                                                          6,063         5,289
                                                                                        ------------- ------------
      Total current assets                                                                114,196       101,410
Property, plant and equipment, net                                                         59,732        50,474
Goodwill                                                                                  131,141        63,219
Other intangibles, net                                                                     29,822        14,215
Deferred income taxes                                                                       6,224        17,161
Other assets                                                                                5,519         5,473
                                                                                        ------------- ------------
Total assets                                                                             $346,634      $251,952
                                                                                        ============= ============


Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                   $ 62,654      $ 57,121
 Current maturities of long-term debt and obligations under capital leases                 10,360         2,597
                                                                                        ------------- ------------
      Total current liabilities                                                            73,014        59,718
Long-term debt and obligations under capital leases                                        78,063         3,347
Other liabilities                                                                           2,374         2,553
                                                                                        ------------- ------------
Total liabilities                                                                         153,451        65,618
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued                     -             -
 Class A common stock, $.01 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized, 29,872,183
  and 29,888,603 shares issued in 2006 and 2005, respectively                                 299           300
 Class B common stock, $.01 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized, 42,138,465
  and 42,144,465 shares issued in 2006 and 2005                                               421           421
 Additional paid-in capital                                                               262,667       258,848
 Retained deficit                                                                         (56,011)      (59,198)
 Deferred compensation                                                                          -        (1,116)
 Treasury stock, at cost-1,555,350 and 1,380,850 Class A shares in 2006 and
  2005, respectively, and 5,280,000 Class B shares                                        (14,193)      (12,921)
                                                                                        ------------- ------------
      Total stockholders' equity                                                          193,183       186,334
                                                                                        ------------- ------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                               $346,634      $251,952
                                                                                        ============= ============


</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.





                                      F-2
<PAGE>


                                        1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                            Consolidated Statements of Income
                                          (in thousands, except per share data)
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>              <C>

                                                                                   Years ended
                                                                    --------------------------------------------
                                                                       July 2,        JulY 3,        June 27,
                                                                        2006           2005            2004
                                                                    -------------- --------------  -------------

Net revenues                                                          $781,741       $670,679        $603,978
Cost of revenues                                                       456,097        395,028         351,111
                                                                    -------------- --------------  -------------
Gross profit                                                           325,644        275,651         252,867
Operating expenses:
 Marketing and sales                                                   239,573        198,935         172,251
 Technology and development                                             19,819         14,757          13,799
 General and administrative                                             43,978         35,572          30,415
 Depreciation and amortization                                          15,765         14,489          14,992
                                                                    -------------- --------------  -------------
   Total operating expenses                                            319,135        263,753         231,457
                                                                    -------------- --------------  -------------

Operating income                                                         6,509         11,898          21,410
Other income (expense):
 Interest income                                                         1,260          1,690           1,324
 Interest expense                                                       (1,407)          (481)           (663)
 Other, net                                                                  6            140            (341)
                                                                    -------------- --------------  -------------
   Total other income, net                                                (141)         1,349             320
                                                                    -------------- --------------  -------------
Income before income taxes                                               6,368         13,247          21,730
Income taxes (benefit)                                                   3,181          5,398         (19,174)
                                                                    -------------- --------------  -------------
Net income                                                              $3,187         $7,849         $40,904
                                                                    ============== ==============  =============
Net income per common share:

 Basic                                                                   $0.05          $0.12           $0.62
                                                                    ============== ==============  =============

 Diluted                                                                 $0.05          $0.12           $0.60
                                                                    ============== ==============  =============

Weighted average shares used in the calculation of net income
per common share:
 Basic                                                                  65,100         66,038          65,959
                                                                    ============== ==============  =============
 Diluted                                                                66,429         67,402          68,165
                                                                    ============== ==============  =============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.







                                      F-3

<PAGE>

                                 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                             Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
                        Years ended July 2, 2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004
                                    (in thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<S>                      <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
                               Common Stock
                     --------------------------------------
                          Class A             Class B         Additional              Unearned     Treasury Stock
                     ------------------- -------------------   Paid-in    Retained   Stock-Based  ------------------  Stockholders'
                      Shares     Amount  Shares      Amount    Capital    Deficit    Compensation Shares    Amount    Equity
                     ---------- -------- ----------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------ --------- --------- ------------
Balance at
June 30, 2002        28,679,848  $287    42,399,915   $424     $247,636   $(107,951)    $    -    5,332,800  $(3,108)   $137,288

Exercise of
employee stock
options                 440,741      4            -      -        1,730           -          -            -        -       1,734
Employee stock
purchase plan            52,104      1            -      -          391           -          -            -        -         392

Reversal of
valuation allowance
related to income tax
benefits from employee
stock option exercises        -       -           -      -        6,072           -          -            -        -       6,072

Conversion of Class B
common stock into
Class A common stock    255,450       3    (255,450)    (3)           -           -          -            -        -           -

Net income                    -       -           -      -            -      40,904          -            -        -      40,904
                     ---------- -------- ----------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------ --------- --------- ------------
Balance at
June 27, 2004        29,428,143    295   42,144,465    421      255,829     (67,047)         -    5,332,800   (3,108)    186,390
Exercise of
employee stock
options                 228,695      2            -      -        1,247           -          -            -        -       1,249

Employee stock
purchase plan            75,846      1            -      -          466           -          -            -        -         467
Issuance of
restricted stock        161,795      2            -      -        1,355           -     (1,357)           -        -           -
Amortization of
unearned restricted
stock, net                    -      -            -      -            -          -         192            -        -         192
Forfeiture of unvested
restricted stock         (5,876)     -            -      -          (49)         -          49            -        -           -
Stock repurchase
program                       -      -            -      -            -          -           -    1,328,050   (9,813)     (9,813)
Net income                    -      -            -      -            -      7,849           -            -        -       7,849
                     ---------- -------- ----------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------ --------- --------- ------------
Balance at
July 3, 2005         29,888,603    300   42,144,465    421      258,848    (59,198)     (1,116)   6,660,850  (12,921)    186,334


Exercise of
employee stock
options and vesting
of restricted stock     133,499      1            -      -          649          -           -            -        -         650
Share-based
compensation                  -      -            -      -        4,284          -           -       (7,500)      52       4,336
Reclassification of
unvested restricted
stock upon adoption of
SFAS No. 123R-Share
Based Payment          (155,919)    (2)           -      -       (1,114)         -       1,116            -        -           -
Stock repurchase
program                       -      -            -      -            -          -           -      182,000   (1,324)     (1,324)
Conversion of Class B
common stock into
Class A common stock      6,000      -       (6,000)     -            -          -           -            -        -           -
Net income                    -      -            -      -            -      3,187           -            -        -       3,187
                     ---------- -------- ----------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------ --------- --------- ------------
Balance at
July 2, 2006         29,872,183    $299  42,138,465   $421     $262,667   $(56,011)     $    -    6,835,350 $(14,193)   $193,183

                     ========== ======== =========== ======== ========== =========== ============ ========= ========= ============
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>


                                        1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                      (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                           <C>              <C>            <C>
                                                                                          Years ended
                                                                        ------------------------------------------------
                                                                         July 2, 2006     July 3, 2005   June 27, 2004
                                                                        ---------------  --------------- ---------------

Operating activities:

Net income                                                                  $3,187           $7,849        $40,904
Reconciliation of net income to net cash provided by operations:
     Depreciation and amortization                                          15,765           14,489         14,992
     Deferred income taxes                                                   2,175            4,702        (20,776)
     Bad debt expense                                                          476              270            437
     Share-based compensation                                                4,336              192              -
     Other non-cash items                                                      125                -            250
Changes in operating items, excluding the effects of
    acquisitions:
     Receivables                                                             1,316             (655)        (1,683)
     Inventories                                                            (9,106)          (6,345)           745
     Prepaid and other                                                         685           (3,445)           691
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                  (2,262)         (10,953)         1,624
     Other assets                                                           (1,380)           4,584          5,829
     Other liabilities                                                        (579)            (259)          (884)
                                                                        ---------------  --------------- ---------------
 Net cash provided by operating activities                                  14,738           10,429         42,129

Investing activities:
Purchases of investments                                                         -          (93,946)       (62,584)
Proceeds from sales of investments                                           6,647          118,109         63,384
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                         (96,874)         (50,965)             -
Capital expenditures                                                       (20,491)         (13,334)       (10,576)
Other                                                                            2              192            217
                                                                        ---------------  --------------- ---------------
 Net cash used in investing activities                                    (110,716)         (39,944)        (9,559)

Financing activities:
Acquisition of treasury stock                                               (1,324)          (9,813)             -
Proceeds from employee stock options/stock purchase plan                       558            1,533          2,126
Proceeds from bank borrowings and revolving line of credit                 105,000                -              -
Repayment of notes payable and bank borrowings                             (22,482)          (1,391)        (1,176)
Repayment of capital lease obligations                                      (1,228)          (1,677)        (1,775)
Other                                                                           92                -              -
                                                                        ---------------  --------------- ---------------
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                        80,616          (11,348)          (825)
                                                                        ---------------  --------------- ---------------
Net change in cash and equivalents                                         (15,362)         (40,863)        31,745
Cash and equivalents:
 Beginning of year                                                          39,961           80,824         49,079
                                                                        ---------------  --------------- ---------------
 End of year                                                             $  24,599        $  39,961       $ 80,824
                                                                        ===============  =============== ===============
</TABLE>




Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
- ----------------------------------
- -   Interest  paid  amounted to $1,407,  $481,  and $663 for the years ended
    July 2, 2006,  July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004, respectively.
- -   The Company paid income taxes of approximately $23 and $762, net of tax
    refunds received for the years ended July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005. The
    Company received tax refunds, net of income taxes paid of approximately
    $1,476 for the year ended June 27, 2004.

See accompanying notes.




                                      F-5
<PAGE>



Note 1. Description of Business

1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc.  ("1-800-FLOWERS.COM")  is  a  leading  gift  retailer,
providing a broad range of thoughtful gift products including  flowers,  plants,
gourmet foods,  cookies,  cakes,  candies,  wine, gift baskets, and other unique
gifts to our customers around the world. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM  family of brands
also  includes  Plow &  Hearth,  a direct  marketer  of home  decor  and  garden
merchandise,  GreatFood.com, a source for gourmet products, The Popcorn Factory,
a manufacturer  and direct marketer of premium popcorn and specialty food gifts,
HearthSong  and Magic  Cabin,  direct  marketers of unique  children's  toys and
games,  The  Winetasting  Network,  a distributor  and  direct-to-consumer  wine
marketer,  Cheryl&Co., a manufacturer and direct marketer of premium cookies and
baked gift  items and Fannie May  Confections  Brands,  a  manufacturer,  direct
marketer  and  retailer  of premium  chocolates  and  confections.  The  Company
operates in one business  segment,  providing  its  customers  with  convenient,
multi-channel  access via the Internet,  telephone,  catalogs and retail stores.
During fiscal 2006, approximately 61% of total revenues were derived from floral
and floral-related products.

Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies

Fiscal Year

The  Company's  fiscal  year is a 52- or  53-week  period  ending on the  Sunday
nearest to June 30. Fiscal years 2006 and 2004,  which ended on July 2, 2006 and
June 27, 2004,  respectively,  consisted of 52 weeks,  while fiscal 2005,  which
ended on July 3, 2005, consisted of 53 weeks.

Basis of Presentation

The consolidated  financial statements include the accounts of 1-800-FLOWERS.COM
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company"). All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of Estimates

The  preparation  of financial  statements  in  conformity  with U.S.  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the financial  statements  and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Equivalents

Cash and equivalents  consist of demand deposits with banks, highly liquid money
market  funds,  United  States  government   securities,   overnight  repurchase
agreements  and  commercial  paper with  maturities of three months or less when
purchased.

Inventories

Inventories  are  valued  at the lower of cost or  market  using  the  first-in,
first-out method of accounting.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property,  plant and  equipment  is  recorded  at cost  reduced  by  accumulated
depreciation.  Depreciation  expense is  recognized  over the assets'  estimated
useful  lives  using  the  straight-line   method.   Amortization  of  leasehold
improvements  and capital leases are calculated using the  straight-line  method
over the shorter of the lease terms,  including  renewal options  expected to be
exercised, or estimated useful lives of the improvements. Estimated useful lives
are   periodically   reviewed,   and  where   appropriate,   changes   are  made
prospectively.  The Company's  property plant and equipment is depreciated using
the following estimated lives:

        Buildings                                                    40 years
        Leasehold  Improvements                                    3-10 years
        Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment                          3-10 years
        Software                                                    3-5 years



                                      F-6
<PAGE>

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill and indefinite-lived  intangibles are not amortized,  but are evaluated
annually in the Company's  fiscal fourth quarter for impairment.  To date, there
has been no impairment of these assets.

The cost of intangible  assets with  determinable  lives is amortized to reflect
the pattern of economic benefits  consumed,  on a straight-line  basis, over the
estimated periods benefited, ranging from 3 to 16 years.

Deferred Catalog Costs

The Company  capitalizes the costs of producing and  distributing  its catalogs.
These  costs are  amortized  in direct  proportion  with  actual  sales from the
corresponding  catalog  over a period not to exceed  26-weeks.  Included  within
other assets was $4.3 million and $3.7 million at July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005,
respectively, relating to prepaid catalog costs.

Investments

The Company considers all of its debt and equity securities,  for which there is
a determinable fair market value and no restrictions on the Company's ability to
sell  within  the  next 12  months,  as  available-for-sale.  Available-for-sale
securities are carried at fair value,  with unrealized gains and losses reported
as a separate  component of  stockholders'  equity.  For the years ended July 2,
2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004, there were no significant unrealized gains
or losses.  Realized  gains and losses are  included in other  income.  The cost
basis  for  realized  gains  and  losses  on  available-for-sale  securities  is
determined on a specific identification basis.

Fair Values of Financial Instruments

The  recorded  amounts  of  the  Company's  cash  and  equivalents,   short-term
investments,  receivables, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate
their fair values  principally  because of the short-term nature of these items.
The fair value of investments, including available-for-sale securities, is based
on  quoted  market  prices  where  available.  The fair  value of the  Company's
long-term  obligations  are estimated  based on the current rates offered to the
Company for obligations of similar terms and maturities.  Under this method, the
Company's fair value of long-term  obligations was not  significantly  different
than the carrying values at July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial  instruments  that  potentially  subject  the  Company to  significant
concentrations  of credit  risk  consist  principally  of cash and  equivalents,
investments and accounts receivable.  The Company maintains cash and equivalents
and investments with high credit, quality financial institutions.  Concentration
of credit  risk with  respect to  accounts  receivable  are  limited  due to the
Company's large number of customers and their  dispersion  throughout the United
States,  and the fact that a substantial  portion of receivables  are related to
balances owed by major credit card companies.  Allowances  relating to consumer,
corporate and franchise  accounts  receivable  ($2.3 million and $1.5 million at
July 2, 2006 and July 3,  2005,  respectively)  have been  recorded  based  upon
previous experience and management's evaluation.

Revenue Recognition

Net  revenues  are  generated  by  online,  telephonic  and  retail  fulfillment
operations and primarily consist of the selling price of merchandise, service or
outbound shipping charges, less discounts, returns and credits. Net revenues are
recognized upon product shipment. Shipping terms are FOB shipping point.

Cost of Revenues

Cost of revenues  consists  primarily  of florist  fulfillment  costs (fees paid
directly to florists),  the cost of floral and non-floral  merchandise sold from
inventory or through third parties,  and associated costs including  inbound and
outbound  shipping  charges.  Additionally,  cost of revenues includes labor and
facility costs related to direct-to-consumer merchandise production operations.



                                      F-7
<PAGE>


Marketing and Sales

Marketing and sales expense  consists  primarily of advertising  and promotional
expenditures, catalog costs, online portal and search expenses, retail store and
fulfillment  operations  (other than costs  included in cost of  revenues),  and
customer  service  center  expenses,  as well as the  operating  expenses of the
Company's   departments   engaged  in  marketing,   selling  and   merchandising
activities.

The Company expenses all advertising  costs, with the exception of catalog costs
(see Deferred Catalog Costs above) at the time the advertisement is first shown.
Advertising expense was $127.4 million, $107.8 million and $91.1 million for the
years ended July 2, 2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004, respectively.

Technology and Development

Technology and development  expense consists  primarily of payroll and operating
expenses of the Company's  information  technology group,  costs associated with
its Web sites,  including  hosting,  content  development  and  maintenance  and
support  costs  related  to  the  Company's  order  entry,   customer   service,
fulfillment  and database  systems.  Costs  associated  with the  acquisition or
development  of software  for internal  use are  capitalized  if the software is
expected to have a useful life beyond one year and amortized over the software's
useful life, typically three years. Costs associated with repair, maintenance or
the development of Web site content are expensed as incurred as the useful lives
of such software modifications are less than one year.

Stock-Based Compensation

The Company's  employee stock based  compensation plans are described more fully
in Note 9. Prior to July 4, 2005,  as permitted  under SFAS No. 123, the Company
accounted for its stock option plans  following the  recognition and measurement
principles of Accounting  Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock  Issued  to  Employees,"  and  related  interpretations.  Accordingly,  no
stock-based  compensation had been reflected in net income for stock options, as
all  options  granted had an  exercise  price  equal to the market  value of the
underlying  common  stock on the date of grant and the related  number of shares
granted was fixed at that point in time.

In December 2004, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board (FASB) issued SFAS
No.  123(R),  "Share-Based  Payment."  This  Statement  revised  SFAS No. 123 by
eliminating  the option to account for employee  stock  options under APB No. 25
and requires  companies to recognize the cost of employee  services  received in
exchange for awards of equity  instruments based on the grant-date fair value of
those awards (the "fair-value-based" method).

Effective  July  4,  2005,  the  Company  adopted  the  fair  value  recognition
provisions of SFAS No. 123(R) using the modified prospective application method.
Under this transition  method,  compensation  cost recognized on a straight-line
basis during the year ended July 2, 2006 includes  amounts of: (a)  compensation
cost of all  stock-based  payments  granted  prior to, but not yet vested as of,
July 4, 2005 (based on grant-date  fair value  estimated in accordance  with the
original  provisions of SFAS No. 123, and previously  presented in the pro-forma
footnote  disclosures),  and (b) compensation cost for all stock-based  payments
granted subsequent to July 3, 2005 (based on the grant-date fair value estimated
in accordance with the new provision of SFAS No. 123(R)). In accordance with the
modified  prospective method,  results for prior periods have not been restated.
Prior to the Company's adoption of SFAS No. 123(R), benefits of tax deduction in
excess of recognized  compensation  costs were reported as operating cash flows.
SFAS No.  123(R)  requires  excess tax benefits be reported as a financing  cash
inflow  rather than as a  reduction  of taxes  paid.  There were no  significant
excess tax benefits for the year ended July 2, 2006.




                                      F-8


<PAGE>


The following table summarizes the effect of adopting SFAS No. 123(R) as of
July 4, 2005:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>

                                                                         Year ended July 2, 2006
                                                                     --------------------------------
  Stock-option compensation expense recognized (*):                       (in thousands, except per
                                                                                 share data)

   Marketing and sales                                                            $1,301
   Technology and development                                                        556
   General and administrative                                                      1,853
                                                                                 ---------
     Total                                                                         3,710
   Related deferred income tax expense                                               869
                                                                                 ---------
      Increase in net loss/decrease in net income                                 $2,841
                                                                                 =========
      Impact on basic and diluted net (loss) income per common
      share                                                                       $(0.04)
                                                                                 =========
</TABLE>

      (*) Excludes the amortization of restricted stock awards in the
          amount of $0.6 million during the year ended July 2, 2006
          ($0.4 million, net of tax).


Compensation  expense related to the amortization of restricted stock awards was
recognized  prior to the  implementation  of SFAS No. 123(R).  Total stock based
compensation  expense,  which  includes  both  expense  from stock  options  and
restricted  stock  awards,  totaled $4.3 million ($3.2  million,  net of tax, or
$0.05 per diluted share) during the year ended July 2, 2006.

Under the modified  prospective  application  method,  results for prior periods
have not been restated to reflect the effects of  implementing  SFAS No. 123(R).
The following pro-forma  information,  as required by SFAS No. 148,  "Accounting
for Stock-Based  Compensation-Transition  and  Disclosure,  an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 123," is presented for  comparative  purposes and  illustrates the
effect on net income and net income per common  share for the periods  presented
as if the Company had applied the fair value recognition  provisions of SFAS No.
123 to stock-based employee compensation prior to July 4, 2005:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                      <C>         <C>
                                                                       Year Ended  Year Ended
                                                                         July 3,    June 27,
                                                                          2005       2004
                                                                           (1)       (2)
                                                                       ---------- ------------
                                                                         (in thousands, except
                                                                             per share data)

                     Net income (loss) - As reported                     $7,849     $40,904
                      Less: Stock option compensation expense            10,499       1,339
                                                                       ---------- ------------
                     Net income (loss) - Pro forma                      $(2,650)    $39,565
                                                                       ========== ============

                     Net income (loss) per share:
                      Basic - As reported                                 $0.12       $0.62
                      Basic - Pro forma                                  $(0.04)      $0.60
                      Diluted - As reported                               $0.12       $0.60
                      Diluted - Pro forma                                $(0.04)      $0.58
</TABLE>



                                      F-9

<PAGE>


     (1) During fiscal 2005, the Company accelerated the vesting of all unvested
         stock options awarded to employees  and officers  which had an exercise
         price greater than $10.00 per share. Options to  purchase approximately
         0.8 million shares became  exercisable immediately  as a result  of the
         vesting  acceleration. The  Company sought to  balance  the  benefit of
         eliminating the requirement to recognize compensation expense in future
         periods  with the need to  continue to  motivate  employee  performance
         through previously issued, but currently unvested, stock option grants.
         With  those factors being considered, management  determined it  to  be
         appropriate  to accelerate only those  unvested stock options where the
         strike  price was reasonably  in excess  of the Company's  then current
         stock price.

         The effect of the acceleration was an increase in pro-forma stock based
         employee compensation expense for the  year  ended July 3, 2005 of $3.0
         million ($0.05 per basic and diluted share). The decision to accelerate
         the vesting of the identified  stock options will  reduce the Company's
         share-based  compensation  expense  of approximately  $2.1  million  in
         fiscal 2006 and $0.9 million in fiscal 2007.

     (2) During  fiscal  2004, FAS 123  stock based  compensation is net of  the
         income tax benefit of $6.1 million, associated  with the removal of the
         valuation allowance on deferred tax assets  arising from employee stock
         option exercises.

Comprehensive Income

For the years ended July 2, 2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004, the  Company's
comprehensive  income  was equal to  the respective  net income for each  of the
periods presented.

Net Income Per Share

Basic net income per common share is computed using the weighted-average  number
of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income per share is
computed  using  the  weighted-average  number  of common  and  dilutive  common
equivalent shares (consisting primarily of employee stock options and restricted
stock awards) outstanding during the period.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In July 2006, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  ("FASB")  issued FASB
Interpretation  No. 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes" ("FIN 48").
FIN  48  applies  to all  tax  positions  accounted  for  under  SFAS  No.  109,
"Accounting  for  Income  Taxes" and  defines  the  confidence  level that a tax
position must meet in order to be recognized  in the financial  statements.  The
interpretation requires that the tax effects of a position be recognized only if
it is  "more-likely-than-not"  to be sustained by the taxing authority as of the
reporting date. If a tax position is not considered "more-likely-than-not" to be
sustained then no benefits of the position are to be recognized. FIN 48 requires
additional  disclosures and is effective as of the beginning of the first fiscal
year beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently  evaluating the
effect  that the  adoption  of FIN 48 will have on its  consolidated  results of
operations and financial condition.

Reclassifications

Certain balances in the  prior fiscal years  have been  reclassified to  conform
with the presentation in the current fiscal year.


                                      F-10
<PAGE>
Note 3 - Net Income Per Common Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income
per common share:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                    <C>                 <C>               <C>
                                                                                        Years Ended
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 July 2, 2006 (1)      July 3, 2005      June 27, 2004 (2)
                                                                 ----------------- ------------------ ---------------------
                                                                          (in thousands, except per share data)
            Numerator:
              Net income                                             $3,187            $7,849                $40,904
                                                                 ================= ================== =====================
            Denominator:
              Weighted average shares outstanding                    65,100            66,038                 65,959
              Effect of dilutive securities:
              Employee stock options (3)                              1,282             1,364                  2,206
              Employee restricted stock awards                           47                 -                      -
                                                                 ----------------- ------------------ ---------------------
                                                                      1,329              1,364                 2,206
                                                                 ----------------- ------------------ ---------------------
            Adjusted weighted-average shares and assumed
              conversions                                             66,429            67,402                68,165
                                                                 =================  ================= =====================
            Net income per common share:
              Basic                                                    $0.05             $0.12                 $0.62
                                                                 =================  ================= =====================
              Diluted                                                  $0.05             $0.12                 $0.60
                                                                 =================  ================= =====================
</TABLE>
            Note (1): Effective July 4, 2005, the Company adopted the fair value
            recognition  provisions of  SFAS No.  123(R)  using  the  modified
            prospective  application   method.  The  impact of  the   adoption,
            which reduced net income per common share for the fiscal year ended
            July 2, 2006 by $0.05 is described in further detail in Note 2.

            Note (2): During the fiscal year ended June 27,2004, the Company
            recorded an income tax benefit of $19.2 million ($0.28 per diluted
            share)due to the removal of the Company's valuation allowance on its
            deferred tax assets which consisted primarily of net operating loss
            carry forwards.

            Note (3): The effect of options to purchase 5.9 million, 3.8 million
            and 3.5 million shares for the years ended July 2, 2006, July 3,
            2005 and June 27, 2004, respectively were excluded from the
            calculation of net income per share on a diluted basis as their
            effect is anti-dilutive.


Note 4. Acquisitions

The Company  accounts for its business  combinations in accordance with SFAS No.
141, "Business Combinations," which addresses financial accounting and reporting
for business  combinations and requires that all such  transactions be accounted
for using the purchase  method.  Under the  purchase  method of  accounting  for
business combinations, the aggregate purchase price for the acquired business is
allocated  to the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  based  on  their
estimated fair values at the acquisition date.

Acquisition of Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.

On May 1, 2006,  the Company  acquired  all of the  outstanding  common stock of
Fannie May  Confections  Brands,  Inc.  (hereafter  referred  to as "Fannie  May
Confections  Brands"), a manufacturer and multi-channel  retailer and wholesaler
of premium  chocolate and other  confections  under the  well-known  Fannie May,
Harry London and Fanny Farmer brands.  The acquisition,  for a purchase price of
approximately  $91.9  million  in  cash,  including  estimated  working  capital
adjustments  and  transaction  costs,  includes  a  modern  200,000-square  foot
manufacturing  facility in North Canton, Ohio and 52 Fannie May retail stores in
the Chicago area, where the chocolate brand has been a tradition since 1920. The
purchase price is subject to "earn-out"  incentives which amount to a maximum of
$4.5  million  during the year ending July 1, 2007 and $1.5  million  during the
year ending June 29,  2008,  upon  achievement  of specified  earnings  targets.
Fannie May Confections Brands generated revenues of approximately  $75.0 million
in its most recent fiscal year ended April 30, 2006.



                                      F-11
<PAGE>
As  described   further  under  "Long-Term   Debt,"  in  order  to  finance  the
acquisition,  on May 1, 2006, the Company  entered into a $135.0 million secured
credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as  administrative  agent, and a
group of lenders (the "2006 Credit Facility"). The 2006 Credit Facility includes
an $85.0 million term loan and a $50.0 million  revolving  facility,  which bear
interest at LIBOR plus 0.625% to 1.125%,  with pricing  based upon the Company's
leverage  ratio.  At closing,  the Company  borrowed  $85.0  million of the term
facility  to  acquire  all  of the  outstanding  capital  stock  of  Fannie  May
Confections Brands.

Acquisition of Wind & Weather

On October 31, 2005, the Company acquired all of the outstanding common stock of
Wind & Weather, a Fort Bragg, California based direct marketer of weather-themed
gifts, with annual revenues of approximately  $14.4 million during its then most
recently  completed  fiscal year ended March 31,  2005.  The  purchase  price of
approximately  $5.2 million,  including  acquisition costs, was funded utilizing
the  Company's  line of credit  which was  repaid  during the  Company's  second
quarter utilizing cash generated from operations, and excludes the assumption of
Wind & Weather's $1.2 million balance on its seasonal  working capital line. The
Company has since  relocated  the  operations  of Wind & Weather to its Madison,
Virginia facility, and terminated operations in California.

The  Company  is in the  process of  obtaining  independent  appraisals  for the
purpose of  allocating  the purchase  price to  individual  assets  acquired and
liabilities  assumed as a result of the  acquisition  of Fannie May  Confections
Brands.  This will result in  potential  adjustments  to the  carrying  value of
Fannie May Confections Brands recorded assets and liabilities, the establishment
of certain additional intangible assets, revisions of useful lives of intangible
assets,  some of which will have indefinite  lives not subject to  amortization,
and the determination of any residual amount that will be allocated to goodwill.
The preliminary  allocation of the purchase price included in the current period
balance  sheet is based on the best  estimates of  management  and is subject to
revision based on final determination of asset fair values and useful lives. The
following  table  summarizes  the  allocation of purchase price to the estimated
fair  values  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  at  the  date  of
acquisitions of Fannie May Confections Brands and Wind & Weather:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                         <C>                  <C>
                                                         Fannie May
                                                     Confections Brands      Wind & Weather
                                                      Purchase Price         Purchase Price
                                                        Allocation             Allocation
                                                     ------------------    --------------------
                                                                 (in thousands)
  Current assets                                        $21,979                  $4,014
  Property, plant and equipment                           3,640                      67
  Intangible assets                                      13,200                   2,560
  Goodwill                                               62,752                   2,703
  Other                                                     156                      20
                                                     ------------------    --------------------
    Total assets acquired                               101,727                   9,364
                                                     ------------------    --------------------
  Current liabilities                                     4,929                   3,810
  Deferred tax liability                                  4,485                     265
  Other                                                     399                      39
                                                     ------------------    --------------------
    Total liabilities assumed                            $9,813                   4,114
    Net assets acquired                                 $91,914                  $5,250
                                                     ==================    ====================
</TABLE>

Of the $15.8  million of acquired  intangible  assets  related to the Fannie May
Confections Brands and Wind & Weather acquisitions, $1.9 million was assigned to
trademarks that are not subject to  amortization,  while the remaining  acquired
intangibles  of $13.9  million  were  allocated  primarily  to customer  related
intangibles which are being amortized over the assets'  determinable useful life
of 5 years.

                                      F-12

<PAGE>
Acquisition of Cheryl & Co.

On March 28, 2005, the Company  acquired all of the outstanding  common stock of
Cheryl & Co., a  Westerville,  Ohio-based  manufacturer  and direct  marketer of
premium  cookies  and  related  baked  gift  items,   with  annual  revenues  of
approximately  $33 million  during its then most  recent year ended  January 29,
2005. The purchase price of approximately $41.1 million,  including  acquisition
costs, was funded utilizing the Company's available cash and investment balance,
and included $6.3 million used to retire Cheryl & Co.'s outstanding debt.

Acquisition of The Winetasting Network

On November 15, 2004, the Company  acquired all of the outstanding  common stock
of  The  Winetasting   Network,   a   Napa, California  based   distributor  and
direct-to-consumer  wine  marketer.  The purchase  price of  approximately  $9.7
million,   including  acquisition  costs  was  funded  utilizing  the  Company's
available cash and  investment  balance and included $2.4 million used to retire
The Winetasting Network's long-term debt.

Pro forma Results of Operation

The following  unaudited pro forma consolidated  financial  information has been
prepared  as if the  acquisitions  of  Fannie  May  Confections  Brands,  Wind &
Weather,  Cheryl  & Co.  and The  Winetasting  Network  had  taken  place at the
beginning of fiscal year 2005. The following  unaudited pro forma information is
not  necessarily  indicative of the results of  operations in future  periods or
results that would have been  achieved had the  acquisitions  taken place at the
beginning of the periods presented.
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                        <C>           <C>
                                                                              Years Ended
                                                                     -------------------------------
                                                                      July 2, 2006    July 3, 2005
                                                                     --------------- ---------------
                                                                     (in thousands, except per
                                                                             share data)

     Net revenues                                                        $854,333       $780,199

     Operating income                                                     $14,844        $22,124

     Net income                                                           $ 4,518        $11,443

     Basic and diluted net income per common share                        $  0.07        $  0.17
</TABLE>
Note 5. Inventory

The  Company's  inventory,  stated at cost,  which is not in  excess of  market,
includes purchased and manufactured finish goods for resale, packaging supplies,
raw material ingredients for manufactured products and associated  manufacturing
labor, and is classified as follows:
 <TABLE>
<S>                                                                         <C>            <C>
                                                                      July 2, 2006    July 3, 2005
                                                                     --------------- --------------
                                                                             (in thousands)

    Finished goods                                                       $36,689        $21,094
    Work-in-process                                                        3,370              -
    Raw materials                                                         12,895          7,581
                                                                     -------------- -------------
                                                                         $52,954        $28,675
                                                                     ============== =============
</TABLE>
Note 6. Goodwill and Intangible Assets

The change in the net carrying amount of goodwill is as follows:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                         <C>            <C>
                                                                      July 2, 2006    July 3, 2005
                                                                     --------------- --------------
                                                                             (in thousands)

    Goodwill - beginning of year                                         $63,219        $34,529
    Acquisition of Wind & Weather                                          2,703              -
    Acquisition of Fannie May Confections Brands                          62,752              -
    Acquisition of Cheryl & Co.                                            2,461         20,245
    Acquisition of The Winetasting Network                                     -          8,202
    Other                                                                      6            243
                                                                     --------------- --------------
    Goodwill - end of year                                              $131,141        $63,219
                                                                     =============== ==============
</TABLE>
                                      F-13
<PAGE>


The Company's intangible assets consist of the following:
<TABLE>
<S>                               <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>       <C>            <C>         <C>
                                                         July 2, 2006                              July 3, 2005
                                            -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               Gross                                    Gross
                              Amortization   Carrying     Accumulated                 Carrying    Accumulated
                                 Period       Amount      Amortization      Net        Amount     Amortization      Net
                             -------------- ----------- ---------------- ---------- ------------ -------------- ---------
                                                                              (in thousands)

Intangible assets with
determinable lives:
  Investment in licenses     14 - 16 years    $4,927           $3,762      $1,165       $4,927       $3,438      $1,489
  Customer lists               3 - 6 years    18,500            2,231      16,269        4,640        1,145       3,495
  Other                        5 - 8 years     1,754              252       1,502          555          137         385
                                            ----------- ---------------- ---------- ------------ -------------- ---------
                                              25,181            6,245      18,936       10,122        4,753       5,369

Trademarks with
indefinite lives                   -          10,886                -      10,886        8,846            -       8,846
                                            ----------- ---------------- ---------- ------------ -------------- ---------
Total intangible
assets                                       $36,067           $6,245     $29,822      $18,968       $4,753     $14,215
                                            ============ =============== ========== ============ ============== =========

</TABLE>

The amortization of intangible  assets for the years ended July 2, 2006, July 3,
2005 and  June  27,  2004 was $1.6  million,  $0.8  million,  and $0.6  million,
respectively.  Future estimated  amortization expense is as follows: 2007 - $4.0
million, 2008 - $4.0 million, 2009 - $3.9 million, 2010 - $3.8 million, and 2011
- - $2.9 million, and thereafter - $0.3 million.

Note 7. Property, Plant and Equipment
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>          <C>
                                                                          July 2,       July 3,
                                                                           2006          2005
                                                                       ------------- -------------
                                                                             (in thousands)

     Land                                                                 $2,516        $2,516
     Building and building improvements                                   16,409        16,255
     Leasehold improvements                                               20,474        16,891
     Furniture and fixtures                                                5,182         3,971
     Equipment                                                            18,346        14,979
     Computer equipment                                                   51,449        44,796
     Telecommunication equipment                                           8,344         7,008
     Software                                                             51,086        43,872
                                                                       ------------- -------------
                                                                         173,806       150,288
Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                114,074        99,814
                                                                       ------------- -------------
                                                                         $59,732       $50,474
                                                                       ============= =============
</TABLE>


                                      F-14
<PAGE>


Note 8. Long-Term Debt
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                            <C>            <C>
                                                                                          July 2, 2006   July 3, 2005
                                                                                         -------------- --------------
                                                                                                   (in thousands)

         Term loan and revolving credit line (1)                                             $85,000             $-
         Commercial note (2)                                                                   2,942          4,152
         Other                                                                                    23             46
         Obligations under capital leases (see Note 14)                                          458          1,746
                                                                                         -------------- --------------
                                                                                              88,423          5,944
         Less current maturities of long-term debt and obligations under
         capital leases                                                                       10,360          2,597
                                                                                         -------------- --------------
                                                                                             $78,063         $3,347
                                                                                         ============== ==============
</TABLE>

      (1) Term loan and  revolving  credit  line - In order to  finance  the
          acquisition  of Fannie May Confections  Brands,  on May 1,  2006,  the
          Company  entered into a $135.0 million  secured  credit  facility with
          JPMorgan Chase Bank,  N.A., as  administrative  agent,  and a group of
          lenders  (the  "2006  Credit  Facility").  The  2006  Credit  Facility
          includes  an $85.0  million  term loan and a $50.0  million  revolving
          facility,  which bear interest at LIBOR (5.33%) plus 0.625% to 1.125%,
          with pricing based upon the Company's leverage ratio (5.96% at July 2,
          2006).  At closing,  the Company  borrowed  $85.0  million of the term
          facility to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of Fannie May
          Confections Brands.  The Company  is required  to pay  the outstanding
          term  loan  in  escalating  quarterly  installments,  with  the  final
          installment  payment due  on  May 1, 2012. The  2006  Credit  Facility
          contains various conditions to borrowing, and affirmative and negative
          financial covenants. Concurrent with  the  establishment  of the  2006
          Credit Facility,  the  Company's  previous  $25.0   million  revolving
          credit facilities  were  terminated.  The  obligations of the  Company
          and its subsidiaries  under the 2006 Credit  Facility  are secured  by
          liens on all personal property of the Company and its subsidiaries. No
          amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility at July
          2, 2006.

          (2) Commercial note - Bank note relating to obligations  arising from,
          and  collateralized  by, the underlying assets of the Company's Plow &
          Hearth facility in Madison,  Virginia.  The note, dated June 27, 2003,
          in the amount of $6.6 million,  bears interest at 5.44% per annum, and
          resulted from the  consolidation  and refinancing of a series of fixed
          and variable rate mortgage and equipment notes. The note is payable in
          60 equal monthly  installments  of principal  and interest  commencing
          August 1, 2003, of which $2.9 million is outstanding at July 2, 2006.

As of July 2, 2006,  long-term debt  maturities,  excluding  amounts relating to
capital leases, are as follows:

                                                                      Debt
              Year                                                  Maturities
              ----                                                -------------
                                                                  (in thousands)

              2007                                                   $9,913
              2008                                                    9,967
              2009                                                   12,835
              2010                                                   12,750
              2011                                                   17,000
              Thereafter                                             25,500
                                                                  -------------
                                                                    $87,965
                                                                  =============


                                      F-15
<PAGE>

Note 9.  Income Taxes

Significant components of the income tax provision (benefit) are as follows:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                  <C>              <C>            <C>
                                                                                Years ended
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------
                                                                 July 2, 2006    July 3, 2005    June 27, 2004
                                                                 -------------   --------------  --------------
                                                                                  (in thousands)
      Current provision:
       Federal                                                       $351            $308             $677
       State                                                          655             388              923
                                                                 -------------   --------------  ---------------
                                                                    1,006             696            1,600
      Deferred provision (benefit):
       Federal                                                      2,120           3,313          (15,796)
       State                                                           55           1,389           (4,980)
                                                                 -------------   --------------  ---------------
                                                                    2,175           4,702          (20,776)
                                                                 -------------   --------------  ---------------
      Income tax provision (benefit)                               $3,181          $5,398         $(19,174)
                                                                 =============   ==============  ===============
</TABLE>


A  reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory  tax rate to the Company's
effective tax rate is as follows:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>            <C>
                                                                                Years ended
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------
                                                                 July 2, 2006    July 3, 2005    June 27, 2004
                                                                 -------------   --------------  --------------
                                                                                 (in thousands)

        Tax at  U.S. statutory rates                                 35.0%          35.0%          35.0%
        State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit                7.3            8.7            2.8
        Non-deductible share-based compensation                       8.5              -              -
        Non-deductible goodwill amortization                          2.2            1.5             .5
        Tax credits                                                  (5.0)             -              -
        Tax settlements                                                 -              -            2.7
        Change in tax rates                                             -              -            4.2
        Change in valuation allowance                                   -              -         (140.1)
        Other, net                                                    2.0           (4.5)           6.7
                                                                 -------------  -------------- --------------
                                                                     50.0%          40.7%         (88.2)%
                                                                 =============  ============== ==============
</TABLE>

Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the net tax effects of  temporary  differences
between the carrying  amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting
purposes  and  the  amounts  used  for  income  tax  purposes.  The  significant
components  of the Company's  deferred  income tax assets  (liabilities)  are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                  <C>             <C>            <C>
                                                                                Years ended
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------
                                                                 July 2, 2006    July 3, 2005    June 27, 2004
                                                                 -------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                                 (in thousands)

        Deferred income tax assets:
         Net operating loss carryforwards                          $25,963         $23,742           $27,878
         Accrued expenses and reserves                               7,423           3,965             3,463
        Deferred income tax liabilities:
         Other intangibles                                          (9,285)              -                 -
         Installment sales                                             (25)            (34)              (39)
         Tax in excess of book depreciation                           (425)           (293)           (1,291)
                                                                 -------------  --------------  --------------
        Net deferred income tax assets                             $23,651         $27,380           $30,011
                                                                 =============  ==============  ==============
</TABLE>
                                      F-16
<PAGE>

At June 27, 2004,  management of the Company reassessed the valuation  allowance
previously  established against its net deferred income tax assets. Based on the
Company's  earnings  history and projected  future  taxable  income,  management
determined  that it is more likely than not that the deferred  income tax assets
would be realized.  Accordingly,  the Company removed the valuation allowance of
approximately $30.0 million from its deferred income tax assets resulting in the
recognition of an income tax benefit of approximately $20.8 million, a reduction
of goodwill of approximately $3.1 million, related to the acquired net operating
losses of  GreatFood.com,  and an  increase  in  additional  paid-in-capital  of
approximately  $6.1  million  related to income  tax  benefits  associated  with
employee stock option exercises.

At  July  2,  2006,   the  Company's   federal  and  state  net  operating  loss
carryforwards were  approximately  $63.4 million,  which, if not utilized,  will
begin to expire in fiscal year 2020.

Note 10. Capital Stock

Holders of Class A common stock generally have the same rights as the holders of
Class B common stock,  except that holders of Class A common stock have one vote
per share and  holders  of Class B common  stock  have 10 votes per share on all
matters  submitted to the vote of stockholders.  Holders of Class A common stock
and  Class B common  stock  generally  vote  together  as a single  class on all
matters presented to the stockholders for their vote or approval,  except as may
be required by Delaware law.  Class B common stock may be converted into Class A
common stock at any time on a  one-for-one  share  basis.  Each share of Class B
common stock will  automatically  convert into one share of Class A common stock
upon its transfer, with limited exceptions.

On May 12, 2005,  the  Company's  Board of  Directors  increased  the  Company's
authorization  to  repurchase  the  Company's  Class A  common  stock  up to $20
million,  from the previous authorized limit of $10 million.  Any such purchases
could  be made  from  time to time in the  open  market  and  through  privately
negotiated  transactions,  subject to general market conditions.  The repurchase
program  will be financed  utilizing  available  cash.  As of July 2, 2006,  the
Company had repurchased 1,510,050 shares of common stock for $11.1 million, $1.3
million (182,000 shares) of which was repurchased  during the fiscal year ending
July 2, 2006, and $9.8 million  (1,328,050  shares) was  repurchased  during the
fiscal year ending July 3, 2005.

Note 11. Stock Based Compensation

In December 2003, the Company's Board of Directors and shareholders approved the
1-800-FLOWERS.COM  2003 Long Term  Incentive  and Share Award Plan (the "Plan").
The Plan is a  broad-based,  long-term  incentive  program  that is  intended to
attract, retain and motivate employees, consultants and directors to achieve the
Company's  long-term growth and  profitability  objectives,  and therefore align
stockholder and employee interests.  The Plan provides for the grant to eligible
employees, consultants and directors of stock options, share appreciation rights
("SARs"),   restricted  shares,  restricted  share  units,  performance  shares,
performance   units,   dividend   equivalents,   and  other  share-based  awards
(collectively  "Awards").  The Plan reserves  7,500,000  shares of Common Stock,
which is approximately the amount of shares which had been previously  available
for issuance  under the Company's 1999 Stock  Incentive  Plan. No further awards
will be issued under the 1999 Stock  Incentive  Plan.  During a calendar year i)
the  maximum  number of shares  with  respect to which  options  and SARs may be
granted to an eligible  participant under the Plan will be 1,000,000 shares, and
ii) the  maximum  number of shares  with  respect to which  Awards  intended  to
qualify as  performance-based  compensation  other than  options and SARs may be
granted to an eligible participant under the Plan will be 500,000 shares.

The Plan is  administered  by the  Compensation  Committee  or such other  Board
committee  (or  the  entire  Board)  as may be  designated  by  the  Board  (the
"Committee").  Unless  otherwise  determined by the Board,  the  Committee  will
consist  of two or more  members  of the  Board who are  non-employee  directors
within  the  meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 and
"outside directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. The Committee will determine which eligible employees,
consultants and directors receive awards, the types of awards to be received and
the terms and conditions  thereof.  The Chief  Executive  Officer shall have the
power and authority to make Awards under the Plan to employees  and  consultants
not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, subject to limitations imposed by
the Committee.

At July 2, 2006, the Company has reserved  approximately  15.1 million shares of
common stock for issuance,  including options previously authorized for issuance
under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>

Stock Options Plans

The weighted  average fair value of stock options on the date of grant,  and the
assumptions  used to  estimate  the fair  value of the stock  options  using the
Black-Scholes option valuation model, were as follows:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                 <C>           <C>              <C>
                                                                             Years ended
                                                             --------------------------------------------
                                                             July 2, 2006   July 3, 2005   June 27, 2004
                                                             -------------  -------------- --------------

     Weighted average fair value of options granted               $3.16          $4.44          $5.99
     Expected volatility                                             46%            61%            68%
     Expected life (in years)                                       5.3            5.0            5.0
     Risk-free interest rate                                        4.6%           3.8%           3.6%
     Expected dividend yield                                        0.0%           0.0%           0.0%
</TABLE>

The  expected   volatility  of  the  option  is  determined   using   historical
volatilities  based on  historical  stock  prices.  The expected life of options
granted  in  fiscal  2005 was based on the  Company's  historical  share  option
exercise experience. Due to minimal exercising of stock options, in fiscal 2006,
the Company  estimated the expected life of options granted to be the average of
the Company's  historical  expected term from vest date and the midpoint between
the average vesting term and the contractual  term. The risk-free  interest rate
is determined using the yield available for zero-coupon U.S.  government  issues
with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the option.  The Company has
never paid a dividend, and as such the dividend yield is 0.0%.

The following table summarizes stock option activity during the year ended July
2, 2006:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>         <C>              <C>
                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                       Weighted       Average
                                                                       Average       Remaining      Aggregate
                                                                    Exercise Price  Contractual     Intrinsic
                                                         Options                       Term        Value (000s)
                                                        -----------------------------------------------------------


Outstanding at July 3, 2005                              9,477,461       $8.35
Granted                                                  1,312,500       $6.65
Exercised                                                 (124,162)      $4.50
Forfeited/Expired                                         (562,308)      $9.90
                                                       --------------
Outstanding at July 2, 2006                              10,103,491      $8.09        5.8 years        $5,255
                                                       ==============
Options vested or expected to vest at July 2, 2006        9,850,505      $8.12        0.5 years        $5,254
Exercisable at July 2, 2006                               6,480,678      $8.74        4.7 years        $5,253
</TABLE>

The aggregate  intrinsic  value in the table above  represents the total pre-tax
intrinsic value (the difference between the company's closing stock price on the
last trading day of fiscal 2006 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number
of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had
all option holders  exercised their options on July 2, 2006. This amount changes
based on the fair market value of the company's stock. The total intrinsic value
of options  exercised  for the year ended July 2, 2006 and July 3, 2005 was $0.3
million and $0.7 million, respectively.

                                      F-18

<PAGE>


The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
July 2, 2006:
<TABLE>
<S>     <C>              <C>              <C>                <C>            <C>            <C>
                                   Options Outstanding                      Options Exercisable
                    ------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------
                                       Weighted-        Weighted-                       Weighted-
                                        Average          Average                         Average
                       Options         Remaining         Exercise        Options         Exercise
    Exercise Price   Outstanding   Contractual Life       Price        Exercisable        Price
- ------------------- -------------- ------------------ --------------- --------------- ---------------
     $1.61 - 4.50       2,708,547       3.9 years           $3.83          2,708,547        $3.83
     $5.50 - 6.52       2,463,695       7.3 years           $6.42            355,303        $6.40
     $6.53 - 8.45       2,020,650       8.1 years           $7.42            517,369        $6.84
    $8.47 - 12.87       2,256,003       5.2 years          $12.17          2,244,863       $12.18
   $12.95 - 21.00         654,596       3.3 years          $19.97            654,596       $19.97
                    --------------                                    ---------------
                       10,103,491       5.8 years           $8.09          6,480,678        $8.73
                    ==============                                    ===============
</TABLE>

As of July 2, 2006,  the total  future  compensation  cost  related to nonvested
options not yet  recognized  in the statement of income was $7.2 million and the
weighted  average  period over which these awards are expected to be  recognized
was 1.5 years.

The Company  grants shares of Common Stock to its employees  that are subject to
restrictions on transfer and risk of forfeiture until  fulfillment of applicable
service conditions and, in certain cases, holding periods (Restricted Stock). In
fiscal 2005, the Company  recorded the grant date fair value of unvested  shares
of   Restricted   Stock  as   unearned   stock-based   compensation   ("Deferred
Compensation").  In accordance with SFAS No. 123(R), in fiscal 2006, the Company
reclassified the balance of Deferred  Compensation  against  additional  paid-in
capital, and reduced its shares of Class A Common Stock issued accordingly.

The  following  table  summarizes  the activity of non-vested  restricted  stock
during the year ended July 2, 2006:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                         <C>             <C>
                                                                          Weighted
                                                                       Average Grant
                                                                         Date Fair
                                                           Shares          Value
                                                        -------------  --------------
Non-vested at July 3, 2005                                 155,919        $8.39
Granted                                                    168,399        $6.59
Vested                                                      (9,500)       $7.09
Forfeited                                                  (21,137)       $9.23
                                                        -------------
Non-vested at April 2, 2006                                293,681        $7.44
                                                        =============
</TABLE>

The fair value of  nonvested  shares is  determined  based on the closing  stock
price on the grant  date.  As of July 2, 2006,  there was $1.2  million of total
unrecognized  compensation  cost related to  non-vested  restricted  stock-based
compensation to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years.

Note 12. Employee Stock Purchase Plan

In  December   2000,   the   Company's   Board  of   Director's   approved   the
1-800-FLOWERS.COM,   Inc.  2001   Employee   Stock   Purchase  Plan  (ESPP),   a
non-compensatory  employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal
Revenue Code,  to provide  substantially  all  employees who have  completed six
months of service,  an opportunity to purchase  shares of the Company's  Class A
common  stock.   Employees   may   contribute  a  maximum  of  15%  of  eligible
compensation,  but in no event can an employee  purchase more than 500 shares on
any  purchase  date.  Offering  periods  have a duration of six months,  and the
purchase  price per share will be the lower of: (i) 85% of the fair market value
of a share of Class A common  stock on the last  trading  day of the  applicable
offering  period,  or (ii)  85% of the fair  market  value of a share of Class A
common  stock on the last  trading day before the  commencement  of the offering
period. The ESPP was terminated effective as of June 30, 2005.


                                      F-19
<PAGE>

Note 13. Profit Sharing Plan

The Company has a 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan covering  substantially  all of its
eligible employees.  All full-time employees who have attained the age of 21 are
eligible to participate upon completion of one year of service. Participants may
elect  to  make  voluntary  contributions  to the  401(k)  plan in  amounts  not
exceeding federal  guidelines.  On an annual basis the Company, as determined by
its board of directors, may make certain discretionary contributions.  Employees
are vested in the  Company's  contributions  based upon  years of  service.  The
Company made contributions of $0.4 million,  $0.3 million, and $0.3 million, for
the years ended July 2, 2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004, respectively.

Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies

Leases

The Company  currently  leases office,  store  facilities,  and equipment  under
various  operating leases through fiscal 2019. As these leases expire, it can be
expected that in the normal course of business they will be renewed or replaced.
Most lease  agreements  contain renewal options and rent escalation  clauses and
require the Company to pay real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance
and operating expenses applicable to the leased properties. The Company has also
entered into leases that are on a month-to-month basis. All leases and subleases
with an initial term of greater than one year are  accounted  for under SFAS No.
13, Accounting for Leases. These leases are classified as either capital leases,
operating leases or subleases, as appropriate.

The Company leases certain  computer,  telecommunication  and related  equipment
under  capital  leases,  which are  included in property  and  equipment  with a
capitalized  cost of  approximately  $18.0  million and $17.9 million at July 2,
2006 and July 3,  2005,  respectively,  and  accumulated  amortization  of $17.9
million and $17.1 million, respectively. In addition, the Company subleases land
and  buildings  (which  are  leased  from  third  parties)  to  certain  of  its
franchisees.  Certain  of the  leases,  other than land  leases  which have been
classified  as  operating  leases,  are  classified  as capital  leases and have
initial lease terms of approximately 20 years (including  option periods in some
cases).

During fiscal 2001, the Company entered into a $5.0 million equipment lease line
of credit with a bank. Interest under this line, which is renewable annually, is
determined  on the date of each  commitment to borrow and is based on the bank's
base  rate on  such  date.  At  July 2,  2006,  approximately  $0.3  million  is
outstanding,  and no  further  borrowings  are  permitted  under this lease line
unless it is renewed by the Company and the lending bank. The borrowings,  which
bear interest at rates ranging from 5.39% to 6.36%  annually,  are payable in 60
monthly  installments  of principal and interest  commencing  in February  2001.
Borrowings  under  the  line  are  collateralized  by the  underlying  equipment
purchased and an equal amount of pledged investments.

As of July 2, 2006, future minimum payments under non-cancelable capital lease
obligations and operating leases with initial terms of one year or more consist
of the following:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                      <C>           <C>
                                                                     Obligations
                                                                        Under
                                                                       Capital      Operating
                                                                        Leases        Leases
                                                                     ------------  ------------
                                                                           (in thousands)

          2007                                                          $409         $9,666
          2008                                                            23          8,734
          2009                                                            13          7,040
          2010                                                            13          4,908
          2011                                                            13          4,436
          Thereafter                                                      18         27,653
                                                                     ------------  ------------
          Total minimum lease payments                                  $489        $62,437
                                                                                   ============
          Less amounts representing interest                             (31)
                                                                     ------------
          Present value of net minimum lease payments                   $458
                                                                     ============
</TABLE>
                                      F-20

<PAGE>

At July 2, 2006, the aggregate  future  sublease  rental income under  long-term
operating  sub-leases  for land and buildings and  corresponding  rental expense
under long-term operating leases were as follows:
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                <C>           <C>
                                                                                Sublease       Sublease
                                                                                 Income         Expense
                                                                              -------------- --------------
                                                                                     (in thousands)

         2007                                                                       $2,120        $2,120
         2008                                                                        1,546         1,546
         2009                                                                        1,234         1,234
         2010                                                                          808           808
         2011                                                                          494           494
         Thereafter                                                                    574           574
                                                                              -------------- --------------
                                                                                    $6,776        $6,776
                                                                              ============== ==============

</TABLE>

Rent expense was approximately $13.7 million, $9.7 million, and $8.9 million for
the years ended July 2, 2006, July 3, 2005 and June 27, 2004, respectively.

Litigation

There are various claims,  lawsuits, and pending actions against the Company and
its subsidiaries incident to the operations of its businesses. It is the opinion
of management,  after consultation with counsel, that the ultimate resolution of
such  claims,  lawsuits  and pending  actions  will not have a material  adverse
effect on the Company's consolidated  financial position,  results of operations
or liquidity.

















                                      F-21
<PAGE>
                            1-800-FLOWERS.COM, INC.

                 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

                                    Additions
                            --------------------------

                Balance at   Charged to   Charged to                 Balance at
                Beginning      Costs       Other       Deductions-     End of
                of Period       and       Accounts-    Describe (a)    Period
 Description                  Expenses    Describe(b)
- -------------- ------------- ------------ ----------- -------------- -----------


Reserves and
 allowances
 deducted
 from asset
 accounts:

Reserve for
 estimated
 doubtful
 accounts-
 accounts/notes
 receivable

Year Ended
 July 2, 2006   $1,537,000   $537,000     $694,000     $(678,000)     $2,090,000

Year Ended
 July 3, 2005   $1,449,000   $270,000     $      -     $(182,000)     $1,537,000


Year Ended
 June 27, 2004  $1,277,000   $437,000     $      -     $(265,000)     $1,449,000



- -----------------------------------

(a) Reduction in reserve due to write-off of accounts/notes receivable balances.
(b) Amount represents opening balances from acquired businesses.

                                      S-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>taiclet.txt
<TEXT>



                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENT,  dated as of May 1, 2006 (this  "Agreement"),  by and
among 1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  INC., a Delaware corporation ("Flowers"),  Fannie
May Confections  Brands,  Inc., a Utah  corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Flowers (the "Company"), and David Taiclet ("Executive").

                                    RECITALS


WHEREAS,  pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement,  dated as of April 5, 2006
(the "Stock Purchase Agreement"), by and among the Company, the Guarantors named
therein,  the Sellers named therein and Flowers,  Flowers  acquired the Company,
through the sale by Sellers to Flowers of all the outstanding  shares of capital
stock and warrants of the Company (the "Transaction"); and

WHEREAS,  Executive  was a significant  shareholder  of the Company and received
substantial consideration in connection with the Transaction; and

WHEREAS,   Flowers  would  not  have  completed  the  Transaction   without  the
protections  and  benefits  afforded  to it under the  terms of this  Agreement,
including,  without  limitation,  the  provisions  concerning  the protection of
confidential  information,  non-competition,  intellectual property and business
opportunities; and

WHEREAS,  the Company desires to employ Executive as Chief Executive  Officer of
the Company and  Executive  desires to accept  such  employment,  subject to the
terms and conditions contained herein;

NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and adequacy
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Employment.

1.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to
employ  Executive  during  the  Term (as  herein  defined).  Executive  shall be
employed as the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of the Company and as such shall
report to the  President of Flowers for the Initial Term of this  Agreement  (as
defined herein).  As CEO of the Company,  Executive shall perform faithfully and
diligently such duties and responsibilities as are customarily  performed by the
CEO of a company the size and nature of the Company,  and such other  comparable
duties and responsibilities as, from time to time, may be assigned to him by the
President  of Flowers or the Board of  Directors  (the  "Board") of the Company.
Executive  acknowledges  and agrees  that  Executive  may be  required,  without
additional compensation,  to perform comparable services for any business entity
controlling,  controlled by, or under common control with, the Company by virtue
of direct or indirect  beneficial  ownership of voting  securities  of or voting
interest in the controlled  entity (an  "Affiliate") and to accept any office or
position with any such  Affiliate as the Board may require,  including,  but not
limited  to,  service  as an  officer  or  director  of the  Company or any such
Affiliate.  Executive shall comply with all applicable  policies of the Company,
all  policies  of  Flowers  applicable  to  Executive  and all  laws,  rules and
regulations applicable to the Company and its business.

1.2 Subject to the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement,  Executive  hereby
accepts  employment  hereunder  as  CEO of  the  Company  and  agrees  that  his
employment shall be full-time and exclusive.  During the Term,  Executive shall,
except  during  periods of sick leave or duly  authorized  vacation  or leave of
absence, devote the whole of his time, attention, skill and ability during usual
business hours (and outside those hours when reasonably necessary to Executive's
duties and responsibilities  hereunder) to the faithful and diligent performance
of the duties and responsibilities  described herein.  Nothing in this Agreement
shall preclude  Executive,  so long as such activities are not prohibited  under
Section 9.2 hereof  and,  in the  reasonable  determination  of the Board,  such
activities  (individually  or collectively) do not create a conflict of interest
for   Executive  or  Flowers  and  its   subsidiaries,   including  the  Company
(collectively the "Group"),  or materially interfere with the performance of his
duties and responsibilities hereunder, from engaging in charitable and community
affairs,  from  managing  any passive  investment  made by him in real estate or
other property  (provided that no such investment may exceed two (2%) percent of
the equity  securities of any entity,  without the prior written approval of the
Board), or from serving,  subject to the prior written approval of the Board, as
a member of  trade-related  boards  of  directors  or as a trustee  of any other
trade-related association or entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as,
in the reasonable  determination of the Board, such activities  (individually or
collectively)  do not create a conflict of interest for  Executive or the Group,
or materially  interfere with the performance of his duties and responsibilities
hereunder,  Executive  shall be  permitted  to  continue  his  current  level of
involvement   in,  and  activity   related  to,  the   National   Confectioner's
Association;  St.  Joseph's Home for Boys;  Conley  Insurance  Group;  Marquette
Insurance; Young Presidents' Organization; Harvard Business School Fund Raising;
and University of Notre Dame Business School.

2. Term of  Employment.  The term of this  Agreement  shall commence on the date
hereof and continue  through and  including  April 30, 2008,  subject to earlier
termination in accordance  with the terms and conditions  contained in Section 7
hereof (the " Initial Term" or "Term").

3. Place of Employment.  During the Term,  Executive  shall perform his services
primarily in St. Louis,  Missouri,  subject to such travel  requirements  as are
reasonably  necessary  to the  performance  of his duties  and  responsibilities
hereunder.

4. Compensation.

4.1 Salary.  During the Term, as  consideration  for the proper and satisfactory
performance  of all duties and  responsibilities  to be  performed  by Executive
hereunder,  the Company  shall pay  Executive a base salary  (together  with any
increases  thereto under this Section 4.1, the "Base Salary") at the rate of two
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars ($275,000) per annum, calculated as of
the commencement date on May 1, 2006 (the "Commencement Date").  Commencing with
Flowers'  2007 fiscal year,  Executive  shall receive an annual review (with the
first such annual review occurring on or about July 2, 2007) and the Base Salary
shall be subject to such  increases,  if any, as the Board,  in its  discretion,
from time to time, may determine.  The Base Salary shall be payable in bi-weekly
installments,  in arrears,  in accordance with the ordinary payroll practices of
the Company for its executive  officers,  subject to applicable  tax and payroll
deductions.

4.2  Performance   Bonus.  As  additional   consideration  for  the  proper  and
satisfactory  performance of all duties and  responsibilities to be performed by
Executive  hereunder,  during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive a
performance  bonus (the  "Performance  Bonus"),  payable  not later than two and
one-half (2 1/2) months after the end of Flowers'  fiscal  year,  subject to the
achievement  of such  performance  goals  as  established  by  Flowers  (for the
avoidance of doubt,  Executive  shall not be eligible to receive any Performance
Bonus for the period from the date of this Agreement  through July 3, 2006). Any
such Performance Bonus shall be subject to the terms of Flowers' Sharing Success
Program,  as in effect from time to time. The initial target  Performance  Bonus
shall  be forty  percent  (40%)  of  Executive's  current  Base  Salary  and the
attainment of the initial  Performance Bonus shall be tied seventy-five  percent
(75%) to the Company's financial performance goals and twenty-five percent (25%)
to Flowers' financial  performance.  Any such Performance Bonus shall be paid in
cash. The first review for the Performance Bonus shall occur on or about July 2,
2007 with  respect to Flowers'  fiscal year ended July 2, 2007.  For Fiscal Year
2007 the Company's financial  performance goal shall be met provided the Company
achieves the EBITDA target of $15,000,000  and any other goals  mutually  agreed
between the Executive and the President of Flowers.

4.3 Stock Option Award. Subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of
Flowers'  Board of  Directors,  Executive  is  entitled to an option to purchase
50,000 (Fifty Thousand) shares of Flowers' Class A Common Stock,  subject to the
terms of Flowers' 2003 Long term Incentive and Share Award Plan (the "Plan") and
Flowers'  Stock  Option  Agreement.  Concurrently  with  the  execution  of this
Agreement,  Flowers and Executive are entering into a Stock Option  Agreement in
the form  attached  hereto as Exhibit A (the "Stock  Option  Agreement").  Forty
percent (40%) of these options will vest on the second  anniversary of the grant
date,  then 20% for each  subsequent  year  Executive  remains  employed  by the
Company  up to the fifth  anniversary  of the  grant,  when  they  would be 100%
vested.  The grant date shall be the Commencement Date and the exercise price on
this option grant shall be the closing price of Flowers' aforementioned stock on
the Commencement Date.

5.       Employee Benefits.

5.1 Health  Insurance.  During the Term,  Executive  shall have the option to be
covered  under  the  Company's  existing  health  insurance  plan  (the  "Health
Insurance  Plan")  under the  terms,  conditions  and rates as  offered to other
employees  of Company.  The parties  acknowledge  that  Executive  may  commence
coverage under the Health Insurance Plan on or about May 1, 2006 provided he
elects to be so covered.

5.2      Vacation and Fringe Benefits.

(a) Executive  shall be entitled to twenty (20) days paid vacation  (which shall
include five (5)  discretionary  days) in each  Flowers'  fiscal year during the
Term (pro rated as necessary for partial Flowers' fiscal years during the Term).
The timing and  duration of any vacation  shall be subject to the prior  written
approval of Flowers. Executive's allotted vacation days accrue equally over each
Flowers'  fiscal year (or partial  fiscal year)  during the Term and  consistent
with the policy of Flowers. In addition,  Executive represents he has 3 weeks of
accrued of vacation from his former  employment  and he is allowed to carry over
those 3 weeks to his employment hereunder.  However,  those 3 weeks must be used
by December 31, 2006 or they will deemed expired.

(b) The Company shall offer  Executive such other fringe  benefits which, in the
Company's sole  discretion,  it determines are consistent  with those offered to
the employees of the Group of similar rank or status as Executive.

(c) Executive shall not be entitled to accumulate unused vacation, sick leave or
other fringe  benefits from year to year,  without the prior written  consent of
the Company.  Further,  Executive  shall not be entitled to receive  payments in
lieu of any  compensation or payment for, or in lieu of, said benefits  prorated
to the date of termination of this Agreement.

5.3  Expenses.  Executive  is  authorized  to  incur  reasonable,  ordinary  and
necessary  out-of-pocket  business  expenses  in  carrying  out his  duties  and
responsibilities  under this  Agreement  (in  accordance  with the  policies and
procedures  established  from time to time by  Flowers  for  similarly  situated
executive officers of the Group). The Company will promptly reimburse  Executive
in full for all such out-of-pocket  expenses upon presentation by Executive from
time to time of proper  documentation  evidencing such  expenditures,  including
information  and  materials  as the  Company  may from  time to time  reasonably
require. In addition,  the Company will promptly reimburse Executive in full for
membership dues and similar out-of-pocket  expenditures paid by Executive solely
in connection with his involvement in the Young  Presidents'  Organization  upon
presentation by Executive from time to time of proper  documentation  evidencing
such expenditures,  including  information and materials as the Company may from
time to time reasonably require; provided, however, that such expenditures shall
in no event exceed $12,500 for any full calendar year occurring  during the Term
(pro rated for partial calendar years occurring during the Term).

6. Key-Person Insurance.  Executive agrees that the Company may, at any time and
from time to time,  and for the  Company's  own benefit,  apply for and take out
term  life,   health,   accident  and/or  other  insurance   covering  Executive
("Key-Person Insurance") in an amount to be determined in the sole discretion of
the Board.  The Company  shall own all rights in any such  Key-Person  Insurance
policies and proceeds  thereof and Executive shall not have any right,  title or
interest therein;  except that if Executive is no longer employed by the Company
(other  than as a  result  of his  death or  Permanent  Disability  (as  defined
below)),  then the Company shall terminate such Key-Person Insurance policies or
arrange for such  Key-Person  Insurance  policies  to be assigned to  Executive;
provided  that said  policies  permit such  assignment  and  Executive is solely
responsible  for the  payment  of any  premiums  on  such  policies  after  such
assignment.  Executive agrees to assist the Company at the Company's  expense in
obtaining any such  Key-Person  Insurance by, among other things,  submitting to
customary medical examinations and correctly  preparing,  signing and delivering
such applications and other documents as may be required by insurers.

7. Termination of Employment.

7.1 Good  Reason.  Executive  shall be  entitled  to  terminate  his  employment
hereunder  during the term for "Good  Reason".  For purposes of this  Agreement,
"Good Reason" shall mean (without Executive's express prior written consent) (i)
any breach by the Company of any material  provision of this Agreement or (ii) a
material  reduction  by the Company in  Executive's  Base Salary or,  during the
Initial  Term,  a change  in his  reporting  relationship  to the  President  of
Flowers.  If Executive  desires to  terminate  his  employment  with the Company
pursuant  to this  Section  7.1,  he shall,  within  thirty  (30) days after the
occurrence of any event  described in clauses (i) or (ii) as the case may be, of
this  Section  7.1,  first  deliver to the Company  written  notice  stating the
specific termination provision in this Section 7.1 relied upon and setting forth
in reasonable  detail the facts and  circumstances  claimed to provide the basis
for such  termination.  Such written notice of  termination  shall provide for a
date of termination  not less than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60)
days after the date of delivery of such notice and such termination shall become
effective  on such date  unless  the  Company  shall  have  rectified,  cured or
remedied  the facts and  circumstances  claimed  to  provide  the basis for such
termination  on or prior to such date. If written  notice of  termination is not
provided to the Company  within  thirty  (30) days after the  occurrence  of any
event described in clauses (i) or (ii), as the case may be, of this Section 7.1,
Executive  shall have  irrevocably  waived his right to terminate his employment
hereunder for Good Reason as a result of such event.

7.2 Permanent Disability. In light of the unique nature of Executive's services,
and the unique  burden on the Company  that would result from  Executive's  long
term absence,  in the event of the Permanent  Disability  (as defined  below) of
Executive,  the Company shall have the right,  upon written notice  delivered to
Executive,  to terminate the employment of Executive  hereunder,  effective upon
the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the delivery of such notice (or such
later day as shall be specified in such notice).  Such notice shall set forth in
reasonable detail the facts and  circumstances  claimed to provide the basis for
such termination.  For purposes of this Agreement,  "Permanent Disability" shall
mean any illness or physical or mental  disability or incapacity (from any cause
or causes  whatsoever) which renders Executive unable in any material respect to
perform his duties and  responsibilities  under this Agreement in the manner and
to  the  extent  required   hereunder,   whether  with  or  without   reasonable
accommodation, for a period exceeding twelve (12) weeks in any three hundred and
sixty five (365) day period.

7.3 Death.  In the event of  Executive's  death,  this  Agreement will terminate
automatically.


7.4 Termination  for  Misconduct.  The Company shall have the right to terminate
the employment of Executive  hereunder for Misconduct  (as defined  below).  For
purposes of this Agreement,  "Misconduct" shall mean (i) Executive's  refusal or
failure  (other  than during  periods of illness or  disability)  to  diligently
perform his duties and responsibilities  hereunder, (ii) any breach by Executive
of  any  material  provision  of  this  Agreement  (Executive  agrees  that  the
provisions of Section 9 are material), (iii) the conviction or plea of guilty or
nolo  contendere  of  Executive  in  respect of any  felony,  other than a motor
vehicle offense, or for any crime of moral turpitude, (iv) the commission of any
act by Executive  which injures,  or in the reasonable  judgment of the Board or
Flowers  could  reasonably  be expected to injure,  materially  the  reputation,
business or business relationships of the Group, including,  without limitation,
any breach of written policies of Flowers with respect to trading in securities,
(v) acts of fraud or dishonesty  by Executive in connection  with his duties and
responsibilities   under  this   Agreement,   including,   without   limitation,
misappropriation,  theft or  embezzlement  in the  performance of his duties and
responsibilities  as an  employee  of the  Company  or (vi)  Executive  fails to
implement or follow any  reasonable  and lawful policy or directive of the Board
or Flowers.  Termination of Executive's  employment hereunder by the Company for
Misconduct  will be effective  upon written  notice of the Company  delivered to
Executive  at any time;  provided  that if the Company  determines  to terminate
Executive's  employment pursuant to clause (i), (ii) or (vi) hereof, the Company
shall give Executive  written notice of the facts and  circumstances  claimed to
provide the basis for such  termination  and shall allow  Executive no less than
twenty  (20) days to cure the  situation  giving rise to  Misconduct;  provided,
further,  that any breach by Executive of the  provisions of Section 9 hereof or
any such policy or directive  relating  thereto shall be deemed to be a material
breach of this Agreement and shall not be subject to a right of cure.

7.5 Termination Without Misconduct.  Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding,
the  Company  shall have the right to  terminate  the  employment  of  Executive
hereunder at any time  without  Misconduct  effective  upon not less than twenty
(20) days' prior written notice of the Company  delivered to Executive.  None of
(i) a termination for Permanent  Disability  under Section 7.2 hereof,  (ii) the
automatic termination of this Agreement upon Executive's death under Section 7.3
hereof,  (iii) a termination  for Misconduct  under Section 7.4 hereof or (iv) a
written  notice by the Company that the Term shall not be extended under Section
2 hereof  shall be deemed to be a  termination  without  Misconduct  under  this
Section 7.5.

7.6 Voluntary Termination. Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding, Executive
may terminate his  employment  hereunder not for Good Reason  effective upon not
less than one hundred and eighty (180) days' prior  written  notice of Executive
delivered to the Company. A termination for Good Reason under Section 7.1 hereof
shall not be deemed to be a voluntary termination under this Section 7.6.

8. Compensation Upon Termination.

8.1 Termination for Good Reason;  Termination Without  Misconduct.  If Executive
terminates  his  employment  hereunder  for Good Reason  pursuant to Section 7.1
hereof or if  Executive's  employment  hereunder  is  terminated  by the Company
without Misconduct  pursuant to Section 7.5 hereof,  Executive shall be entitled
only to (i) any  payments of Base Salary  under  Section 4.1 hereof  accrued and
unpaid  through  the date of such  termination  (such  amount to be paid  within
thirty (30) days after the date of such termination, (ii) provided Executive has
entered into an  irrevocable  (except to the extent  required by law, and to the
extent  required by law to be  revocable,  has not revoked)  general  release of
claims  reasonably  satisfactory  to Flowers  relating to this Agreement and the
termination of his employment, Base Salary under Section 4.1 hereof, at the rate
in effect  immediately prior to the date of such  termination,  payable in equal
monthly  installments,  for a period equal to the remaining Initial Term of this
Agreement,  (iii) rights and benefits,  if any,  accrued and vested  through the
date of such  termination  under any  employee  benefit  plan or fringe  benefit
program  (determined in accordance  with the applicable  terms and provisions of
such plan or program) and (iv) the  reimbursement  of any  expenses  incurred by
Executive  through the date of such  termination  pursuant to Section 5.3 hereof
(such  amount  to be  paid  within  thirty  (30)  days  after  the  date of such
termination).  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  to the extent required by Section
409A of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as amended  (the  "Code"),  amounts
otherwise  payable  under  clause  (ii)  within  six  months  after  Executive's
termination of employment shall be deferred to and paid on the day following the
six month anniversary of such termination of employment. Notwithstanding Section
4.2 hereof,  except as set forth in this  Section  8.1,  Executive  shall not be
entitled to any other  compensation,  including any Performance  Bonus or unused
vacation  time, or any other  benefits from the Company under this  Agreement in
the event of any such termination.

8.2 Voluntary Termination; Termination for Misconduct. If Executive's employment
hereunder is  terminated by the Company for  Misconduct  pursuant to Section 7.4
hereof or if Executive  terminates his employment  hereunder not for Good Reason
pursuant  to Section  7.6 hereof,  Executive  shall be entitled  only to (i) any
payments of Base Salary under Section 4.1 hereof  accrued and unpaid through the
date of such  termination  (such amount to be paid within thirty (30) days after
the date of such  termination),  (ii) rights and  benefits,  if any,  vested and
accrued through the date of such termination  under any employee benefit plan or
fringe benefit program  (determined in accordance with the applicable  terms and
provisions of such plan or program) and (iii) the  reimbursement of any expenses
incurred by Executive  through the date of such termination  pursuant to Section
5.3 hereof  (such  amount to be paid  within  thirty (30) days after the date of
such termination).  Notwithstanding  Section 4.2 hereof,  except as set forth in
this Section  8.2,  Executive  shall not be entitled to any other  compensation,
including any  Performance  Bonus,  or any other benefits from the Company under
this Agreement in the event of any such termination.

8.3 Termination  upon Permanent  Disability or Death. If Executive's  employment
hereunder is terminated by the Company due to Permanent  Disability  pursuant to
Section 7.2 hereof or if this Agreement is terminated  due to Executive's  death
pursuant  to Section  7.3  hereof,  Executive  (or,  in the case of the death of
Executive,  his estate or other legal  representative) shall be entitled only to
(i) any  payments of Base  Salary  under  Section 4.1 hereof  accrued and unpaid
through the date of such termination  (such amount to be paid within thirty (30)
days after the date of such  termination),  (ii)  rights and  benefits,  if any,
vested and  accrued  through  the date of such  termination  under any  employee
benefit plan or fringe benefit  program (to the extent provided in such plan and
determined in accordance  with the  applicable  terms and  provisions  thereof);
provided  that, in the event of the  termination by the Company due to Permanent
Disability,  Executive  shall  be  entitled  to  continued  coverage  under  any
long-term disability or similar plan in which Executive participated immediately
prior  to the  date of such  termination  (determined  in  accordance  with  the
applicable terms and provisions of such plan) and (iii) the reimbursement of any
expenses incurred by Executive through the date of such termination  pursuant to
Section 5.3 hereof  (such  amount to be paid  within  thirty (30) days after the
date of such  termination).  Notwithstanding  Section 4.2 hereof,  except as set
forth in this Section 8.3, Executive (or, in the case of the death of Executive,
his estate or other  legal  representative)  shall not be  entitled to any other
compensation,  including any  Performance  Bonus, or any other benefits from the
Company under this Agreement in the event of any such termination.

8.4 Effect of Termination.  Upon any  termination  pursuant to Section 7 hereof,
the Company shall have no further  obligation to Executive except as provided in
this Section 8;  provided  that  Sections 9 through 22 hereof shall  survive and
remain in full force and effect.

9. Confidential Information;  Non-Competition;  Intellectual Property;  Business
Opportunities.

9.1  Executive  shall not  during  the Term and  thereafter,  without  the prior
written  consent of the Company,  (i) divulge,  disclose or make  accessible any
Confidential   Information  (as  defined  below)  to  any  other  person,  firm,
partnership,   corporation  or  other  entity  or  (ii)  use  any   Confidential
Information  for his own purposes or for the benefit of any other person,  firm,
partnership,  corporation  or other entity (other than the Company),  except (x)
during the Term,  in the  business of and for the benefit of the Company and the
Group or (y) when required to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, by any
governmental agency having supervisory authority over the business of the Group,
or by any  administrative  body  or  legislative  body  (including  a  committee
thereof)  with  jurisdiction  to order  Executive  to divulge,  disclose or make
accessible  such  Confidential  Information;  provided  that,  in the event that
Executive is so required to disclose Confidential Information,  Executive shall,
prior to making any such  disclosure,  provide the Company  with prompt  written
notice  of such  requirement  so  that  the  Company  may  seek  an  appropriate
protective  order.  For purposes of this Agreement,  "Confidential  Information"
shall mean all data, analyses, reports,  interpretations,  forecasts,  documents
and information concerning the Group's affairs,  including,  without limitation,
financial data,  strategic business plans,  computer programs and documentation,
product development data (or other proprietary product data), customer lists and
customer information,  discoveries,  practices,  policies,  processes,  methods,
marketing plans,  prospects,  opportunities and other proprietary information in
whatever form,  tangible or intangible;  provided that Confidential  Information
shall not include  information that has become generally available to the public
other than as a result of disclosure by Executive in a manner  violative of this
Section  9.1.  Upon  expiration  or  termination  of the Term,  Executive  shall
immediately  return to the  Company  all  Company  property,  including  without
limitation   computers,   phones,  keys  and  other  devices,  all  Confidential
Information,  including  copies,  reproductions  and summaries  thereof,  in his
possession and shall erase all such  Confidential  Information from all media in
his possession,  and, if the Company so requests,  shall certify in writing that
he has done so. All Confidential Information is and shall remain the property of
the Group.

9.2 During the Term  (other than on behalf of the  Company)  and for a period of
five (5) years after  Executive's  cessation  of  employment  with the  Comapny,
Executive  agrees that,  without the prior  written  consent of Flowers:  (i) he
shall  not,  directly  or  indirectly,  either  as  principal,  manager,  agent,
consultant,  officer, stockholder,  partner, investor, lender or employee, or in
any other capacity (and whether or not for  compensation),  carry on, be engaged
in or  employed  by,  be a  consultant  or  provide  assistance  to or have  any
financial  interest in, any person,  firm, entity or business which is, in whole
or in part, in  competition  with the business of the Group (as defined  above),
(ii) he shall not, on his own behalf or on behalf of any person, firm, entity or
business,  directly or indirectly,  solicit for employment,  offer employment to
any  employee,  or hire any employee  who has been  employed by the Group at any
time during the twelve (12) months  immediately  preceding such  solicitation or
offer, and (iii) influence or attempt to influence a supplier or customer of the
Group for the purpose of offering or selling any products or services  which are
identical,  substantially  similar or  comparable  to the  services  or products
offered by the Company or the Group.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  Executive
shall be  permitted  to (i) own less than two (2%)  percent  of the  outstanding
shares of capital stock of any corporation,  which shares are publicly traded on
a U.S.  national  securities  exchange,  the  Nasdaq  Stock  Market  or any U.S.
over-the-counter  public securities market and (ii) maintain (but not increase),
through KDM Holdings, Inc., a Utah corporation,  Executive's ownership interest,
as of the date of this Agreement,  in Alpine Confections Holdings,  Inc., a Utah
corporation,  Alpine Confections  Canada, ULC, a Nova Scotia unlimited liability
company, Maxfield Candy Company, a Utah corporation,  and Kencraft, Inc., a Utah
corporation.   The  Executive  acknowledges  that  the  consideration  for  this
Non-compete  provision is not only his employment with the Company, but also the
monies received as a Seller under the Stock Purchase  Agreement.  Nothing herein
is intended to prevent Executive from receiving  reports  customarily given to a
shareholder of a Company.

For  purposes of this  Section  9.2, a person,  firm,  entity or business is "in
competition  with the  business of the Group" if such  person,  firm,  entity or
business is engaged, in any state of the United States or any equivalent section
or area  of any  country  in  which  the  Group  has,  directly  or  indirectly,
revenue-producing  customers or activities,  in the businesses that the Group is
engaged in or actively  developing as of the date of this Agreement or from time
to time,  while the  Executive  is employed by the Company,  including,  without
limitation,  the floral industry, the candy industry, the gourmet food industry,
the baked  goods and  specialty  gift  items  industry  and the home and  garden
industry.

9.3 All  Intellectual  Property (as defined  below) and  Technology  (as defined
below)  created,  developed,  obtained or conceived  of by Executive  during the
Term,  and all business  opportunities  presented to Executive  during the Term,
shall be owned by and belong exclusively to the Group, provided that they relate
to the  business  of the  Group  as of the date of such  creation,  development,
obtaining or  conception,  and  Executive  shall (i) promptly  disclose any such
Intellectual  Property,  Technology or business  opportunity to Flowers and (ii)
execute  and  deliver  to  Flowers,   without  additional   compensation,   such
instruments  as Flowers may require from time to time to evidence its  ownership
of any such  Intellectual  Property,  Technology  or business  opportunity.  For
purposes of this Agreement,  (x) the term "Intellectual Property" shall mean and
include any and all  trademarks,  trade names,  service  marks,  service  names,
patents,  copyrights,  logos,  domain  names  and  applications  for  any of the
foregoing and (y) the term "Technology" shall mean and include any and all trade
secrets, proprietary information,  inventions,  discoveries, know-how, formulae,
processes, recipes and procedures.

9.4 Executive and the Company agree that the restrictions  contained in Sections
9.1,  9.2 and 9.3  hereof  are a  reasonable  and  necessary  protection  of the
immediate interests on the Group, that any violation of these restrictions would
cause substantial and irreparable injury to the Group and that Flowers would not
have  entered  into the  Transaction  or  entered  into this  Agreement  without
receiving the additional  consideration  offered by Executive in binding himself
to these  restrictions.  In the  event of the  breach  or  threatened  breach by
Executive of any of such restrictions, Flowers and the Company shall be entitled
to an injunction, without the necessity of posting a bond, restraining Executive
from such breach or threatened breach and the parties hereby irrevocably consent
to the  jurisdiction  of the Supreme  Court of the State of New York,  County of
Nassau,  and the United States District Court in and for the Eastern District of
New York, for any action or proceeding relating to injunctive relief pursuant to
this  Section  9.4;  provided  that the right of Flowers  and the  Company to an
injunction  shall not be construed as  prohibiting  Flowers and the Company from
pursuing any other available  remedies for such breach or threatened  breach. In
the event that,  notwithstanding  the foregoing,  a restriction,  or any portion
thereof,  contained in Section 9.1, 9.2 or 9.3 is deemed to be unreasonable by a
court of competent  jurisdiction,  whether due to the passage of time, change of
circumstances or otherwise,  Executive,  Flowers and the Company agree that such
restriction,  or  portion  thereof,  shall  be  modified  in  order  to  make it
reasonable and shall be enforced accordingly.

10. Notices.  Any notice,  request,  demand or other  communication  required or
permitted  hereunder  shall  be in  writing  and  shall  be  delivered  by hand,
electronic transmission (with a copy following by hand or by overnight courier),
by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid,  return receipt requested,  or
by  overnight  courier  addressed  to the  other  party.  All  notices  shall be
addressed  as  follows,  or to  such  other  address  or  addresses  as  may  be
substituted by notice in writing:

                  To the Company or Flowers:

                  1-800-Flowers.COM, Inc.
                  1600 Stewart Avenue, 7th Floor
                  Westbury, New York 11590
                  Attention:  PersonNameMaureen Paradine
                  Vice President of Human Resources

                  Facsimile:  (516)-237-6101

                  with a copy to:

                  Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP
                  80 Pine Street
                  New York, New York  10005
                  Attention:  Christopher T. Cox, Esq.
                  Facsimile:  (212) 269-5420

                  To Executive:

                  David Taiclet
                  16625 Kehrsgrove Drive
                  Clarkson, MO 63005
                  Facsimile:  (636) 536-7837

                  with a copy to:

                  Leonard, Street and Deinard, P.A.
                  150 South Fifth Street
                  Suite 2300
                  Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402
                  Attention:  Thomas J. Conley, Esq.
                  Facsimile:  (612) 335-1657


Communications  delivered  by hand  or by  overnight  courier  shall  be  deemed
received on the date of delivery;  communications sent by electronic means shall
be  deemed  received  one (1)  business  day  after  the  sending  thereof,  and
communications  sent by  registered or certified  mail shall be deemed  received
three (3) business days after the sending thereof.

11.  Severability.  If any provision of this  Agreement  shall be declared to be
invalid  or   unenforceable,   in  whole  or  in  part,   such   invalidity   or
unenforceability  shall not affect the remaining  provisions  hereof which shall
remain in full force and effect.

12. Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the assigns and  successors of Flowers and the Company.  Neither this  Agreement
nor  any  rights   hereunder  shall  be  assignable  or  otherwise   subject  to
hypothecation  by Executive  (except for Executive's  right to compensation  and
benefits hereunder, which may be assigned by will or by operation of the laws of
intestate succession) or by Flowers or the Company,  except that Flowers and the
Company  may  assign  this  Agreement  to  any  successor  (whether  by  merger,
acquisition of stock,  purchase or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
assets or business  of Flowers or the  Company,  as the case may be,  including,
without limitation, other Affiliates.

13. Amendment;  Waiver.  This Agreement may only be amended by written agreement
signed by Executive and a duly authorized  officer of Flowers and the Company. A
waiver by Flowers and the Company, on the one hand, or Executive,  on the other,
of a breach of any  provision  of this  Agreement  by the other  party shall not
operate or be  construed as a waiver of any similar or  dissimilar  provision at
the same or any  prior  or  subsequent  time.  Except  as set  forth in the last
sentence  of Section  7.1  hereof,  any waiver  must be in writing and signed by
Executive or by a duly  authorized  officer of Flowers and the  Company,  as the
case may be.

14.  Beneficiaries;  References.  Executive  shall be  entitled  to select  (and
change,  to the extent  permitted  under any  applicable  law) a beneficiary  or
beneficiaries to receive any compensation or benefit payable hereunder following
Executive's  death,  and may change such election,  in either case by giving the
Company written notice thereof.  In the event of Executive's death or a judicial
determination  of his  incompetence,  reference  in this  Agreement to Executive
shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his beneficiary, estate or other
legal  representative.  Any reference to the feminine  gender in this  Agreement
shall include, where appropriate, the masculine.

15. Survivorship. The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder
shall survive any  termination of this Agreement to the extent  necessary to the
intended  preservation  of such rights and  obligations.  The provisions of this
Section 15 are in addition to the  survivorship  provisions of any other section
of this Agreement.

16.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed by and  construed  and
interpreted  in  accordance  with the laws of the State of  StateplaceNew  York,
without reference to principles relating to conflict of laws.

17. Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement and its  attachments  contain the entire
understanding  among Executive,  Flowers and the Company  concerning the subject
matter  hereof  and  supersede  in all  respects  any prior or other  agreement,
understanding, discussion, negotiation or undertaking among Flowers, the Company
and Executive,  whether oral or written,  as to the matters set forth herein and
therein.  Except for the  obligations  specifically  set forth herein and in the
attachments,  neither  Flowers nor the Company owes any obligations to Executive
and  Executive  does not owe any  obligations  to  Flowers or the  Company  with
respect to the matters set forth herein and therein.

18.  Withholding.  The Company shall withhold from any payments due to Executive
hereunder, all amounts relating to taxes as the Company may reasonably determine
should be withheld pursuant to applicable law or regulation.

19.  Conflicts  of  Interest.   Executive  expressly  covenants,   warrants  and
represents to Flowers and the Company that he has the full,  complete and entire
right and  authority  to enter into this  Agreement,  that he has no  agreement,
duty,  commitment or  responsibility  of any kind or nature  whatsoever with any
person, corporation,  partnership,  firm, company, joint venture or other entity
that would conflict in any manner whatsoever with any of his duties, obligations
or responsibilities to Flowers and the Company pursuant to this Agreement,  that
he is not in possession of any document or other tangible  property of any other
person, corporation,  partnership,  firm, company, joint venture or other entity
of a  confidential  or  proprietary  nature  which would  conflict in any manner
whatsoever with any of his duties,  obligations or  responsibilities  to Flowers
and the Company pursuant to this Agreement,  and that he is fully ready, willing
and able to perform each and all of his duties, obligations and responsibilities
to Flowers and the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

20.  Settlement  of  Disputes.  Except for the  enforcement  of the  restrictive
covenants  set forth in Section 9 through  injunctive  proceedings,  any dispute
between  the  parties  hereto  arising  from or  relating  to the  terms of this
Agreement  or  Executive's  employment  with the  Company  shall be  resolved by
arbitration in accordance with the commercial  arbitration rules of the American
Arbitration Association then in effect, and the dispute will be heard by a panel
of three (3)  arbitrators  (one  arbitrator  appointed  by each of  Flowers  and
Executive  within fifteen (15) days after the  commencement of the  arbitration,
and a third arbitrator  appointed by the two party-appointed  arbitrators within
fifteen (15) days after the appointment of the second arbitrator (or, in default
of such timely appointment, by the American Arbitration Association)) (the three
appointed  arbitrators  being  referred to herein as the  "Arbitral  Tribunal").
Arbitration shall be held at the office of the American Arbitration  Association
located in Garden City, StateNew York, or, in the event no such office exists in
Garden  City,  then the  arbitration  shall be held in an office of the American
Arbitration  Association in CityplaceNassau County, StateNew York. If none, then
at their offices in  CityplaceNew  York,  StateNew York. Any  arbitration  award
rendered by the Arbitral  Tribunal shall be final,  conclusive and binding,  and
judgment upon any arbitration  award rendered may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction  thereof. In the event of any conflict between the commercial rules
and the provisions of this  Agreement,  the  provisions of this Agreement  shall
prevail  and be  controlling.  The  Arbitral  Tribunal  shall  have no  power or
authority,  under the commercial rules of otherwise,  to (x) modify or disregard
any provision of this Agreement,  including the provisions of this Section 20 or
(y)  address  or  resolve  any  issue  not  submitted  by  the  parties  to  the
arbitration.

21.  Headings.  The section  headings  contained in this  Agreement  are for the
convenience  of  reference  only and shall not  affect the  construction  of any
provision of this Agreement.

22.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more  counterparts,
each of  which  will be  deemed  an  original  but all of which  together  shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

23.  Section 409A. It is intended that this  Agreement  will comply with Section
409A of the Code (and any regulations and guidelines  issued  thereunder) to the
extent the Agreement is subject thereto,  and the Agreement shall be interpreted
on a basis  consistent  with such intent.  If an  amendment of the  Agreement is
necessary in order for it to comply with Section 409A,  the parties  hereto will
negotiate in good faith to amend the  Agreement in a manner that  preserves  the
original intent of the parties to the extent reasonable possible.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed
on the date and year first above written.



                                         /s/ 1-800-FLOWERS, INC.


                                         /s/ Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.


                                         /s/  David Taiclet
                                         ----------------------------------
                                              David Taiclet



<PAGE>









</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>extwentyone.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 21.1

                         Subsidiaries of the Registrant
                              (as of July 2, 2006)



1-800-FLOWERS Service Support Center, Inc. (New York)
1-800-FLOWERS Team Services, Inc. (Delaware)
1-800-FLOWERS Seasonal Team, Inc. (Delaware)
1-800-FLOWERS RETAIL, Inc. (Delaware)
1-800-FLOWERS.COM Franchise Co., Inc. (Delaware)
800-FLOWERS, Inc. (New York)
Amalgamated Consolidated Enterprises, Inc. (Nevada)
Bloomlink Systems, Inc. (New York)
Conroy's Inc. (California)
Fresh Intellectual Properties, Inc. (Delaware)
The Plow & Hearth I, LLC (Virginia)
The Plow & Hearth, Inc. (Virginia)
Westbury Investing Corp. (Delaware)
TheGift.com, Inc. (Delaware)
GT&C.com, Inc. (Delaware)
The Children's Group, Inc. (Delaware)
The Popcorn Factory, Inc. (Delaware)
Guarded Realty Holdings, LLC. (Delaware)
BloomNet Exchange, Inc. (Delaware)
The Winetasting Network (California)
WTN Services, LLC (California)
Cheryl & Co. (Ohio)
Floranet Iberia S.L. (Spain)
Fannie May Confections Brands Inc (Utah)
Fannie May Confections, Inc (Delaware)
Harry London Candies, Inc. (Ohio)
FMCB Acquisition Co., Inc. (Delaware)


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>thirtyone.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 31.1

                           CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
                                (RULE 13a-14(a))


I, James McCann, certify that:

     (1) I  have reviewed this report  on Form 10-K of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc.;

     (2) Based  on  my  knowledge,  this  report does  not  contain  any  untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the  circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not  misleading  with respect  to the period
         covered by this report;

     (3) Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial  condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

     (4) The  registrant's  other certifying officer and I are  responsible  for
         establishing and  maintaining  disclosure  controls  and procedures (as
         defined  in  Exchange  Act Rules  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control  over financial  reporting  (as defined  in Exchange Act  Rules
         13a-15(f) and  15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

          (a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures,  or caused such
               disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to be  designed  under our
               supervision,  to ensure that material information relating to the
               registrant,  including  its  consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made
               known to us by others within those entities,  particularly during
               the period in which this report is being prepared;

          (b)  designed  such  internal  control over  financial  reporting,  or
               caused such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to be
               designed under our supervision,  to provide reasonable  assurance
               regarding  the   reliability  of  financial   reporting  and  the
               preparation  of financial  statements  for  external  purposes in
               accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


          (c)  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
               controls  and   procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our
               conclusions  about the  effectiveness of the disclosure  controls
               and  procedures,  as of the  end of the  period  covered  by this
               report based on such evaluation; and


          (d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's  internal
               control  over  financial   reporting  that  occurred  during  the
               registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's  fourth
               quarter  in the case of an  annual  report)  that has  materially
               affected,  or is  reasonably  likely to  materially  affect,  the
               registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

     (5) The registrant's other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based
         on  our most recent  evaluation  of  internal  control   over financial
         reporting,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit  committee of
         registrant's  board of directors (or persons  performing the equivalent
         functions):

          (a)  all  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in the
               design or operation of internal control over financial  reporting
               which are reasonably  likely to adversely affect the registrant's
               ability  to  record,  process,  summarize  and  report  financial
               information; and

          (b)  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or
               other employees who have a significant  role in the  registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting.



Date:  September 15, 2006                    /s/ James F. McCann
- ---------------------------                  ----------------------------------
                                             James F. McCann
                                             Chief Executive Officer
                                             Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                             (Principal Executive Officer)


<PAGE>

I, William Shea, certify that:

     (1) I have reviewed  this report  on Form 10-K of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc.;

     (2) Based  on  my  knowledge, this  report  does  not  contain  any  untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the  circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not  misleading  with respect  to the period
         covered by this report;

     (3) Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial  condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;


     (4) The  registrant's  other certifying officer and I are  responsible  for
         establishing and  maintaining  disclosure  controls  and procedures (as
         defined  in  Exchange  Act Rules  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control  over financial  reporting  (as defined  in Exchange Act  Rules
         13a-15(f) and  15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

          (a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures,  or caused such
               disclosure  controls  and  procedures  to be  designed  under our
               supervision,  to ensure that material information relating to the
               registrant,  including  its  consolidated  subsidiaries,  is made
               known to us by others within those entities,  particularly during
               the period in which this report is being prepared;

          (b)  designed  such  internal  control over  financial  reporting,  or
               caused such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to be
               designed under our supervision,  to provide reasonable  assurance
               regarding  the   reliability  of  financial   reporting  and  the
               preparation  of financial  statements  for  external  purposes in
               accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


          (c)  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's   disclosure
               controls  and   procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our
               conclusions  about the  effectiveness of the disclosure  controls
               and  procedures,  as of the  end of the  period  covered  by this
               report based on such evaluation; and


          (d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's  internal
               control  over  financial   reporting  that  occurred  during  the
               registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's  fourth
               quarter  in the case of an  annual  report)  that has  materially
               affected,  or is  reasonably  likely to  materially  affect,  the
               registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


     (5) The registrant's other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based
         on  our  most  recent  evaluation  of  internal control  over financial
         reporting,  to the  registrant's  auditors  and the audit  committee of
         registrant's  board of directors (or persons performing  the equivalent
         functions):

          (a)  all  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in the
               design or operation of internal control over financial  reporting
               which are reasonably  likely to adversely affect the registrant's
               ability  to  record,  process,  summarize  and  report  financial
               information; and

          (b)  any fraud,  whether or not material,  that involves management or
               other employees who have a significant  role in the  registrant's
               internal control over financial reporting.



Date:  September 15, 2006                    /s/ William E. Shea
- -------------------------                    ----------------------------------
                                             William E. Shea
                                             Senior Vice President Finance and
                                             Administration (Principal Financial
                                             and Accounting Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>twentythree.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 23.1

            Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration
Statements:


     o   The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-84281) pertaining to the
         1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and the 1997 Stock
         Option Plan
     o   The Registration  Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-54590) pertaining to the
         1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; and
     o   The Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-119999) pertaining to the
         1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. 2003 Long Term Incentive and Share Award Plan


of our reports  dated  September  13,  2006,  with  respect to the  consolidated
financial statements and schedule of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. and Subsidiaries,
1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over
financial  reporting of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc. and Subsidiaries,  included in
this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended July 2, 2006.

                                                         /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Melville, New York
September 13, 2006


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>thirtytwo.txt
<TEXT>

Exhibit 32.1



                CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


     Pursuant  to 18 U.S.C.  1350,  as adopted  pursuant  to Section  906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc.
(the "Company") hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that:

     (1) the  accompanying  Annual  Report on Form 10-K of the  Company  for the
     fiscal  year  ended July 2, 2006 (the  "Report")  fully  complies  with the
     requirements  of Section  13(a) or Section  15(d),  as  applicable,  of the
     Securities Exchange Act of 1934; as amended; and

     (2)  the  information  contained  in the  Report  fairly  presents,  in all
     material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     Company.


Dated:  September 15, 2006                          /s/      James F. McCann
                                                    ------------------------
                                                    James F. McCann
                                                    Chairman and Chief Executive
                                                    Officer



     Pursuant  to 18 U.S.C.  1350,  as adopted  pursuant  to Section  906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of  1-800-FLOWERS.COM,  Inc.
(the "Company") hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that:

     (1) the  accompanying  Annual  Report on Form 10-K of the  Company  for the
     fiscal  year  ended July 2, 2006 (the  "Report")  fully  complies  with the
     requirements  of Section  13(a) or Section  15(d),  as  applicable,  of the
     Securities Exchange Act of 1934; as amended; and

     (2)  the  information  contained  in the  Report  fairly  presents,  in all
     material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     Company.


Dated:  September 15, 2006                          /s/      William E. Shea
                                                    ------------------------
                                                    William E. Shea
                                                    Senior Vice President and
                                                    Chief Financial Officer



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
