-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LywmXmsevBY0Nyd+5V3ivtR75aW95Rqora8/IFEGNT8sjNz1T7L+4JdqvjgX35xG
 EPoSOyenGZ6zQE+aL7aEXw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001005229-06-000011.txt : 20060607
<SEC-HEADER>0001005229-06-000011.hdr.sgml : 20060607
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20060607161122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001005229-06-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060607
FILED AS OF DATE:		20060607
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20060607

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YALE INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001062624
		IRS NUMBER:				710585582
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-53759-06
		FILM NUMBER:		06891746

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 JOHN JAMES AUDUBON PARKWAY
		CITY:			AMHERST
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			19228-1197
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166895400

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRANE EQUIPMENT & SERVICE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001263400
		IRS NUMBER:				731515437
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-109730-02
		FILM NUMBER:		06891745

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 JOHN JAMES AUDUBON PARKWAY
		CITY:			AMHERST
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14428
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166895405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUDUBON EUROPE S A R L
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001263401
		IRS NUMBER:				421542436
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-109730-04
		FILM NUMBER:		06891744

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 JOHN JAMES AUDUBON PARKWAY
		CITY:			AMHERST
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14428
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166895405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005229
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION MACHINERY & EQUIP [3531]
		IRS NUMBER:				160547600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27618
		FILM NUMBER:		06891743

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 JOHN JAMES AUDUBON PKWY
		CITY:			AMHERST
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14228-1197
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166895400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 JOHN JAMES AUDUBON PARKWAY
		CITY:			AMHERST
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14228-1197
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>kpag.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FISCAL 2006 10K
<TEXT>



                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

     [X]  ANNUAL  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13 OR 15(D)  OF THE  SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

                    FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006

                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-27618

                                -----------------

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

          NEW YORK                                    16-0547600
   (State of Incorporation)             (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

                         140 JOHN JAMES AUDUBON PARKWAY
                          AMHERST, NEW YORK 14228-1197
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                 (716) 689-5400
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                                -----------------

                Securities pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      NONE

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
           COMMON STOCK, $0.01 PAR VALUE (AND RIGHTS ATTACHED THERETO)


     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [ X ]

     Indicate by check mark if the  registrant  is not  required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] No [ X ]

     Indicate  by  checkmark  whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
Registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ ] No [X]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K (ss.229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,  and
will not be  contained,  to the best of  Registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive
proxy or information  statements  incorporated  by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K [ ].

     Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated  filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.

     Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [X] Non-accelerated filer [ ]

     Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is a shell  company  (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

<PAGE>

     The aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of
the Registrant as of September 30, 2005 was  approximately  $315 million,  based
upon the closing  price of the  Company's  common shares as quoted on the Nasdaq
Stock Market on such date. The number of shares of the Registrant's common stock
outstanding as of May 31, 2006 was 18,708,522 shares.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the Registrant's proxy statement for its 2006 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Registrant's  fiscal
year ended March 31, 2006 are  incorporated  by reference  into Part III of this
report.



<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION
                         2006 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

     This annual report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve
known and unknown  risks,  uncertainties  and other factors that could cause our
actual  results to differ  materially  from the results  expressed or implied by
such statements, including general economic and business conditions,  conditions
affecting the industries served by us and our subsidiaries, conditions affecting
our customers and suppliers,  competitor responses to our products and services,
the overall market acceptance of such products and services,  the integration of
acquisitions and other factors set forth herein under  "Management's  Discussion
and  Analysis  of  Results  of  Operations  and  Financial  Condition  - Factors
Affecting Our  Operating  Results." We use words like "will,"  "may,"  "should,"
"plan," "believe," "expect,"  "anticipate," "intend," "future" and other similar
expressions  to identify  forward  looking  statements.  These  forward  looking
statements  speak only as of their  respective dates and we do not undertake and
specifically  decline  any  obligation  to  publicly  release the results of any
revisions to these  forward-looking  statements  that may be made to reflect any
future events or  circumstances  after the date of such statements or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or  unanticipated  changes.  Our actual  operating
results could differ  materially from those  predicted in these  forward-looking
statements,  and any other events anticipated in the forward-looking  statements
may not actually occur.

                                     PART I
                                     ------

ITEM 1.           BUSINESS

GENERAL

     We are a leading  manufacturer  and  marketer  of  hoists,  cranes,  chain,
conveyors,  material handling systems, lift tables and component parts serving a
wide variety of commercial and  industrial  end-user  markets.  Our products are
used to efficiently and ergonomically move, lift, position or secure objects and
loads.  We are the  domestic  market  leader in hoists,  our  principal  line of
products, which we believe provides us with a strategic advantage in selling our
other products.  We have achieved this  leadership  position  through  strategic
acquisitions,  our extensive and well-established  distribution channels and our
commitment  to  product  innovation  and  quality.  We  have  one  of  the  most
comprehensive  product  offerings  in the  industry  and we believe we have more
overhead  hoists in use in North America than all of our  competitors  combined.
Our brand names,  including CM,  Coffing,  Duff-Norton,  Shaw-Box and Yale,  are
among the most recognized and well-respected in our marketplace.


THE BUILDING OF OUR BUSINESS

     Founded in 1875, we have grown to our current size and leadership  position
largely as the result of the 14  businesses  we acquired  since  February  1994.
These acquisitions have  significantly  broadened our product lines and services
and expanded our geographic,  end-user markets and our customer base. Our senior
management has  substantial  experience in the  acquisition  and  integration of
businesses,  aggressive cost management,  efficient manufacturing techniques and
global  operations,  all of which are critical to our long-term growth strategy.
We have a proven track record of acquiring complementary  businesses and product
lines,  integrating  their  activities into our  organization,  and aggressively
managing their cost structures to improve operating efficiencies. The history of
our Products and Solutions  acquisitions  since 1994 is outlined below (purchase
price in millions):



                                       1
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          PURCHASE
DATE OF ACQUISITION     ACQUIRED COMPANY                    PRICE         PRODUCTS/SERVICES
- -------------------     ----------------                    -----         -----------------
<S>                     <C>                                <C>            <C>
April 1999              Washington Equipment Company       $ 6.4          Overhead cranes
March 1999              GL International (1)                20.6          Overhead cranes
January 1999            Camlok/Tigrip                       10.6          Plate clamps, crane weighers
December 1998           Gautier                              2.9          Rotary unions, swivel joints
August 1998             Abell-Howe Crane                     7.0          Overhead cranes
March 1998              ASI (2)                            155.0          Design and manufacture of custom conveyor systems
January 1998            Univeyor                            15.0          Design and manufacture of powered roller conveyor
                                                                               systems
December 1996           Lister (3)                           7.0          Cement kiln, anchor and buoy chain
October 1996            Yale (4)                           270.0          Hoists, scissor lift tables, actuators, jacks and
                                                                          rotary
                                                                               unions
November 1995           Lift-Tech                           63.0          Hoists
October 1995            Endor                                2.0          Hoists
January 1995            Cady Lifters                         0.8          Below-the-hook lifters
December 1994           Conco                                0.8          Operator controlled manipulators
February 1994           Durbin-Durco                         2.4          Load securing equipment and attachments
- --------------------

(1)  In January 2002, we sold Handling  Systems & Conveyors,  Inc., a subsidiary
     of GL International.
(2)  In May 2002, we sold  substantially all of the assets of Automatic Systems,
     Inc.  ("ASI") and in March 2003, we sold LICO Steel,  Inc., a subsidiary of
     Audubon West, formerly ASI.
(3)  In February 2004, we sold the assets of the Lister Chain & Forge division.
(4)  In August 1998, we sold the Mechanical Products division of Yale.
</TABLE>


OUR POSITION IN THE INDUSTRY

     The $60 billion U.S.  material  handling industry is generally divided into
the following sectors:
         o       overhead material handling and lifting devices;
         o       continuous materials movement;
         o       wheeled handling devices;
         o       pallets, containers and packaging;
         o       storage equipment and shop furniture;
         o       automation systems and robots; and
         o       services and unbundled software.

     The breadth of our products and services  enables us to participate in each
of these  sectors,  except for pallets,  containers  and  packaging  and storage
equipment and shop furniture. This diversification,  together with our extensive
and varied  distribution  channels,  minimizes our  dependence on any particular
product,  market or customer. We believe that none of our competitors offers the
variety of products or services in the markets we serve.

     We believe that the demand for our  products  and  services  has  increased
during the last  twelve  months  and we believe  the  demand  will  continue  to
increase in the future as a result of several  favorable  trends.  These  trends
include:

     FAVORABLE INDUSTRY TRENDS.  The U.S.  industrial economy has improved since
2003, as U.S. industrial capacity utilization rates have increased from cyclical
lows. Our business performance is influenced by the state of the U.S. industrial
economy.

     PRODUCTIVITY  ENHANCEMENT.  In recent years,  employers  have  responded to
competitive  pressures by seeking to maximize  productivity and efficiency.  Our
hoists and other lifting and  positioning  products allow loads to be lifted and
placed  quickly,  precisely,  with  little  effort  and  fewer  people,  thereby
increasing productivity and reducing cycle time.


                                       2
<PAGE>


     SAFETY  REGULATIONS  AND  CONCERNS.  Driven by federal and state  workplace
safety  regulations  such as the  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Act and the
Americans with Disabilities  Act, and by the general  competitive need to reduce
costs such as health  insurance  premiums  and workers'  compensation  expenses,
employers  seek  safer  ways  to  lift  and  position  loads.  Our  lifting  and
positioning  products  enable these tasks to be  performed  with reduced risk of
personal injury.

     CONSOLIDATION  OF  SUPPLIERS.  In an effort to  reduce  costs and  increase
productivity,  our customers and end-users are increasingly  consolidating their
suppliers.  We believe that our competitive  strengths will enable us to benefit
from this consolidation and enhance our market share.

OUR COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS

     LEADING MARKET POSITIONS. We are a leading manufacturer of hoists and alloy
and high strength  carbon steel chain in North  America.  We have  developed our
leading market positions over our 131-year history by emphasizing  technological
innovation,   manufacturing   excellence   and  superior   after-sale   service.
Approximately  74% of our  domestic  net sales for the year ended March 31, 2006
were from product  categories  in which we believe we hold the number one market
share. We believe that the strength of our  established  products and brands and
our leading market positions provide us with significant competitive advantages,
including  preferred  supplier status with a majority of our largest  customers.
Our  large  installed  base of  products  also  provides  us with a  significant
competitive  advantage in selling our products to existing  customers as well as
providing repair and replacement parts.

     The following table  summarizes the product  categories where we believe we
are the market leader:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                           PERCENTAGE OF
PRODUCT CATEGORY                                 U.S. MARKET SHARE          U.S. MARKET POSITION         DOMESTIC NET SALES
- ----------------                                 -----------------          --------------------         ------------------
<S>            <C>                                      <C>                          <C>                           <C>
Powered Hoists (1)                                      53%                          #1                            27%
Manual Hoists & Trolleys (1)                            66%                          #1                            14%
Forged Attachments (1)                                  46%                          #1                            10%
Lifting and Sling Chains (1)                            59%                          #1                             6%
Hoist Parts (2)                                         60%                          #1                             9%
Mechanical Actuators (3)                                40%                          #1                             5%
Tire Shredders (4)                                      80%                          #1                             2%
Jib Cranes (5)                                          45%                          #1                             1%
                                                                                                                 -----
                                                                                                                   74%
- -------------
     (1)  Market share and market position data are internal  estimates  derived
          from  survey   information   collected   and  provided  by  our  trade
          associations.

     (2)  Market share and market position data are internal  estimates based on
          our market  shares of Powered  Hoists  and Manual  Hoists &  Trolleys,
          which we believe are good  proxies for our Hoist  Parts  market  share
          because  we  believe  most  end-users  purchase  Hoist  Parts from the
          original equipment supplier.

     (3)  Market share and market position data are internal  estimates  derived
          by comparison of our net sales to net sales of one of our  competitors
          based on discussions with that  competitor,  and to estimates of total
          market sales from a trade association.

     (4)  Market share and market position data are internal  estimates  derived
          by  comparing  the  number  of our  tire  shredders  in use and  their
          capacity to estimates of the total number of tires shredded  published
          by a trade association.

     (5)  Market share and market position are internal  estimates  derived from
          both the number of bids we win as a percentage  of the total  projects
          for which we submit bids and from  estimates of our  competitors'  net
          sales based on their relative position in distributor catalogues.
</TABLE>

     COMPREHENSIVE  PRODUCT LINES AND STRONG BRAND NAME RECOGNITION.  We believe
we offer the most  comprehensive  product lines in the markets we serve.  We are
the only major supplier of material  handling  equipment  offering full lines of
hoists,  chain and  attachments.  Our  capability  as a full-line  supplier  has
allowed us to (i) provide our customers  with  "one-stop  shopping" for material
handling equipment,  which meets some customers' desires to reduce the number of
their  supply  relationships  in order to lower their costs,  (ii)  leverage our
engineering,  research and  development  and marketing costs over a larger sales
base and (iii) achieve  purchasing  efficiencies on common materials used across
our product lines.


                                       3
<PAGE>


     In addition,  our brand names,  including  Budgit,  Chester,  CM,  Coffing,
Duff-Norton,  Little Mule,  Shaw-Box and Yale, are among the most recognized and
respected in the industry.  The CM name has been synonymous with overhead hoists
since manual  hoists were first  developed  and  marketed  under the name in the
early  1900s.  We believe  that our strong  brand name  recognition  has created
customer  loyalty and helps us maintain  existing  business,  as well as capture
additional  business.  No single product  comprises more than 1% of our sales, a
testament to our broad and diversified product offering.

     DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL DIVERSITY AND STRENGTH.  Our products are sold to over
20,000  general and  specialty  distributors  and OEMs.  We enjoy  long-standing
relationships with, and are a preferred provider to, the majority of our largest
distributors and industrial buying groups. Over the past decade,  there has been
significant  consolidation among distributors of material handling equipment. We
have  benefited  from this  consolidation  and have  maintained and enhanced our
relationships   with  our   leading   distributors,   as  well  as  formed   new
relationships.  We believe our extensive  North American  distribution  channels
provide a significant  competitive  advantage and allow us to effectively market
new product line extensions and promote cross-selling.

     EXPANDING   INTERNATIONAL   MARKETS.   We  have  significantly   grown  our
international  sales since becoming a public company in 1996. Our  international
sales have grown from $34.3 million  (representing 16% of total sales) in fiscal
1996 to $198.3  million  (representing  36% of our total sales)  during the year
ended  March 31,  2006.  This growth has  occurred  primarily  in Europe,  South
America and Asia-Pacific where we have recently opened additional sales offices.
Our  international  business has  provided  us, and we believe will  continue to
provide  us,  with  significant  growth  opportunities  and new  markets for our
products.

     LOW-COST  MANUFACTURING WITH SIGNIFICANT  OPERATING LEVERAGE. We believe we
are  a  low-cost   manufacturer   and  we  will  continue  to  consolidate   our
manufacturing   operations  and  reduce  our  manufacturing  costs  through  the
initiatives summarized below. Our low-cost manufacturing capability continues to
positively impact our operating performance as volumes increase.

     --   RATIONALIZATION  AND  CONSOLIDATION.  From fiscal 2002 through  fiscal
          2004, we closed 10 manufacturing plants and three warehouses,  as more
          fully described in "Our Strategy" below.

     --   LEAN  MANUFACTURING.  In fiscal 2002, we initiated Lean  Manufacturing
          techniques,   facilitating   substantial   inventory   reductions,   a
          significant  decline in required  manufacturing floor area, a decrease
          in product lead time and improved productivity and on-time deliveries.

     --   PURCHASING   COUNCIL.   We  continue  to  leverage  our   company-wide
          purchasing power through our Purchasing Council to reduce our costs.

     --   SELECTIVE  VERTICAL  INTEGRATION.  We manufacture many of the critical
          parts and components used in the manufacture of our hoists and cranes,
          resulting in reduced costs.

     --   INTERNATIONAL  EXPANSION. Our continued expansion of our manufacturing
          facilities in China and Mexico provides us with another cost efficient
          platform to manufacture and distribute certain of our products. We now
          operate 26 manufacturing facilities in nine countries,  with 26 stand
          alone sales and service offices in 12 countries,  and nine stand alone
          warehouse facilities in five countries.

     STRONG  AFTER-MARKET SALES AND SUPPORT. We believe that we retain customers
and attract new customers due to our ongoing  commitment to customer service and
satisfaction. We have a large installed base of hoists and chain that drives our
after-market  sales for  components  and repair parts and is a stable  source of
higher margin business.  We maintain strong relationships with our customers and
provide  prompt  aftermarket  service to end-users  of our products  through our
authorized  network of 13 chain repair  stations and over 350 hoist  service and
repair stations.

     LONG HISTORY OF FREE CASH FLOW GENERATION AND  SIGNIFICANT  DEBT REDUCTION.
We have consistently  generated  positive free cash flow (which we define as net
cash provided by operating activities less capital  expenditures) by continually
reducing our costs,  increasing our inventory  turnover and reducing the capital
intensity of our  manufacturing  operations.  From the  beginning of fiscal 2004
through fiscal 2006, we have reduced total debt by $106.5  million,  from $316.3
million to $209.8  million,  which includes  application of $47.6 million of net
proceeds from our November 2005 secondary offering.



                                       4
<PAGE>


     EXPERIENCED  MANAGEMENT TEAM WITH SIGNIFICANT EQUITY OWNERSHIP.  Our senior
management  team  provides a depth and  continuity of experience in the material
handling industry.  Our management has experience in aggressive cost management,
balance sheet  management,  efficient  manufacturing  techniques,  acquiring and
integrating  businesses and global operations,  all of which are critical to our
long-term  growth.  Our  directors and executive  officers,  as a group,  own an
aggregate of approximately 7% of our outstanding common stock.

OUR STRATEGY

     INCREASE  OUR  DOMESTIC  ORGANIC  GROWTH.  We intend to leverage our strong
competitive  advantages to increase our domestic  market share across all of our
product lines by:

     --   LEVERAGING  OUR STRONG  COMPETITIVE  POSITION.  Our large  diversified
          customer  base,  our  extensive  distribution  channels  and our close
          relationship  with our  distributors  provide  us with  insights  into
          customer  preferences  and  product  requirements  that  allow  us  to
          anticipate and address the future needs of end-users.

     --   INTRODUCING NEW AND CROSS-BRANDED  PRODUCTS. We continue to expand our
          business by developing new material handling products and services and
          expanding the breadth of our product lines to address  customer needs.
          Over  the  past  three  years,  we  have  developed  over  100  new or
          cross-branded  products,  representing  approximately $27.5 million in
          fiscal 2006  revenues.  During fiscal 2004, we established a dedicated
          hoist product  development  team.  The majority of the hoist  products
          under   development   are  guided  by  the   Federation   of  European
          Manufacturing,  or FEM, standard.  We believe these FEM hoist products
          will facilitate our global sales expansion strategy as well as improve
          our  cost  competitiveness   against   internationally  made  products
          imported into the U.S.

          Recent new product introductions include:

               o    global wire rope hoists used in overhead cranes;
               o    Hand  hoists and lever  tools  manufactured  at our  Chinese
                    plants;
               o    a variety of new forged lifting attachments;
               o    pallet layer picking systems;
               o    high-speed,   light-weight,   mini-load   cranes,   used  in
                    warehouse applications; and
               o    Techlink   crane  and  hoist   maintenance   and  inspection
                    software.

     --   LEVERAGING  OUR BRAND  PORTFOLIO  TO MAXIMIZE  MARKET  COVERAGE.  Most
          industrial  distributors  carry one or two lines of material  handling
          products on a semi-exclusive basis. Unlike many of our competitors, we
          have developed and acquired multiple  well-recognized  brands that are
          viewed by both  distributors  and end-users as discrete product lines.
          As a result, we are able to sell our products to multiple distributors
          in the same  geographic  area.  This  strategy  maximizes  our  market
          coverage and provides the largest  number of end-users  with access to
          our products.

     CONTINUE  TO GROW IN  INTERNATIONAL  MARKETS.  Our  international  sales of
$198.3 million comprised 36% of our net sales for the year ended March 31, 2006,
as compared to $34.3 million,  or 16% of our net sales, in fiscal 1996, the year
we became a public  company.  We sell to  distributors  in over 50 countries and
have our primary international facilities in Canada, Mexico, Germany, the United
Kingdom, Denmark, France and China. In addition to new product introductions, we
continue to expand our sales and service  presence in the major  market areas of
Europe,  Asia-Pacific  and South America through our sales offices and warehouse
facilities  in  Europe,  Thailand,  Brazil,  Uruguay  and  Mexico.  We intend to
increase  our sales by  manufacturing  and  exporting  a  broader  array of high
quality,  low-cost  products and  components  from our  facilities in Mexico and
China for  distribution  in Europe and  Asia-Pacific.  We have developed and are
continuing to expand upon new hoist products in compliance with FEM standards to
enhance our global distribution.

     FURTHER REDUCE OUR OPERATING COSTS AND INCREASE MANUFACTURING PRODUCTIVITY.
Our  objective is to remain a low-cost  producer.  We  continually  seek ways to
reduce our operating costs and increase our manufacturing productivity including
through  our  on-going  expansion  of our  manufacturing  capacity  in  low-cost
regions,  including Mexico and China. In furtherance of this objective,  we have
undertaken the following:


                                       5
<PAGE>


     --   RATIONALIZATION  OF FACILITIES.  From fiscal 2002 through fiscal 2004,
          we closed 10 manufacturing plants and three warehouses, consolidated a
          number of similar  product lines and  standardized  certain  component
          parts  resulting in an aggregate  cost  savings of  approximately  $14
          million.  We have  sufficient  capacity  to meet  current  and  future
          demand.  We are  currently  investigating  opportunities  for  further
          facility rationalization.

     --   IMPLEMENTATION  OF  LEAN  MANUFACTURING.  We  expect  to  continue  to
          identify  potential   efficiencies  in  our  operations  through  Lean
          Manufacturing  initiated in fiscal 2002.  Through fiscal 2006, we have
          instituted Lean Manufacturing at 16 of our major facilities  resulting
          in the recapture of approximately 164,000 square feet of manufacturing
          floor area and the consolidation of an additional  920,000 square feet
          from closed facilities.  Additionally,  we have reduced inventories by
          approximately  $34.1  million,  or 31.3%,  improved  productivity  and
          achieved significant  reductions in product lead times.  Specifically,
          in fiscal 2006 and 2005, we improved  inventory  turns by 7.5% to 5.7x
          for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 from 5.3x for the fourth quarter
          of fiscal 2004. Our Lean Manufacturing initiative has complemented our
          strategy of rationalizing our manufacturing facilities.

     --   LEVERAGE OUR PURCHASING  POWER.  Our Purchasing  Council was formed in
          fiscal 1998 to centralize and leverage our overall  purchasing  power,
          which has grown through  acquisitions  and has resulted in significant
          savings for our company.

     REDUCE OUR DEBT.  We intend to continue  our focus on cash  generation  for
debt reduction through the following initiatives:

     --   INCREASE  OPERATING  CASH FLOW.  As a result of the  execution  of our
          strategies  to reduce  our  operating  costs,  increase  our  domestic
          organic growth and increase our penetration of international  markets,
          we  believe  that we will  continue  to  realize  favorable  operating
          leverage.  We further believe that such operating leverage will result
          in increased operating cash flow available for debt reduction, as well
          as investment into new products and new markets.

     --   REDUCE WORKING  CAPITAL.  As described above, we believe that our Lean
          Manufacturing   activities  are  facilitating   inventory   reduction,
          improving  product  lead times and  increasing  our  productivity.  We
          believe  our  improved   working  capital   management  and  increased
          productivity will further result in increased free cash flow available
          for debt reduction.

     --   SALE OF EXCESS REAL ESTATE. As a result of our Lean  Manufacturing and
          plant  rationalization  initiatives,  we have  identified  excess real
          estate to be sold.  During fiscal 2006, we generated $2.1 million from
          such real estate sales. The proceeds of such sales have been, and will
          continue to be, used to repay our outstanding debt.


OUR SEGMENTS

     We currently report our operations in two business  segments,  Products and
Solutions.

     Our Products segment designs, manufactures and distributes a broad range of
material handling products for various industrial  applications and for consumer
use.  Products in this segment include a wide variety of electric,  lever,  hand
and air-powered hoists; hoist trolleys; industrial crane systems such as bridge,
gantry and jib cranes;  alloy,  carbon steel and kiln chain;  closed-die  forged
attachments, such as hooks, shackles, logging tools and loadbinders;  industrial
components, such as mechanical and electromechanical actuators, mechanical jacks
and rotary unions;  and below-the-hook  special purpose lifters.  These products
are  typically  manufactured  for  stock or  assembled  to order  from  standard
components  and are sold  through a variety of  commercial  distributors  and to
end-users.  The  end-users of our products are in  manufacturing  plants,  power
utility facilities and warehouses. Some of our products have farming, mining and
logging  applications,  and we  serve  a  niche  market  for  the  entertainment
industry.  We also sell some of our  products to the consumer  market  through a
variety of retailers and wholesalers.

     Our Solutions segment is engaged  primarily in the design,  fabrication and
installation  of integrated  workstation  and  facility-wide  material  handling
systems and in the design and manufacture of tire  shredders.  This segment also
included our Positech  manipulator business which was divested in February 2004.
The products and services of this segment are highly  engineered,  are typically
built to order  and are  primarily  sold  directly  to  end-users  for  specific
applications in a variety of industries.


                                       6
<PAGE>

     Note 20 to our consolidated  financial statements included elsewhere herein
provides  information  related to our business  segments in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting  principles.  Summary  information  concerning our
business segments for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 is set forth below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            2006                                2005                              2004
                              ---------------------------------     -----------------------------     -----------------------------
                                                      % OF                               % OF                              % OF
                                                      TOTAL                              TOTAL                             TOTAL
                                      AMOUNT          SALES            AMOUNT            SALES            AMOUNT           SALES
                                 ---------------    ----------     ---------------    -----------     -------------    ------------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
Net Sales
<S>                           <C>                     <C>       <C>                     <C>        <C>                   <C>
     Products.................$       493.9            88.8     $       453.1            88.0      $     394.2            88.7
     Solutions.................        62.1            11.2              61.7            12.0             50.4            11.3
                                 ---------------    ----------     ---------------    -----------     -------------    ------------
          Total...............$       556.0           100.0     $       514.8           100.0      $     444.6           100.0
                                 ===============    ==========     ===============    ===========     =============    ============

                                                       % OF                              % OF                              % OF
                                                      SEGMENT                           SEGMENT                           SEGMENT
                                                      /TOTAL                            /TOTAL                            /TOTAL
                                     AMOUNT            SALES            AMOUNT           SALES            AMOUNT           SALES
                                 ---------------    ----------     ---------------    -----------     -------------    ------------
Income from Operations
     Products.................$        55.9            11.3     $        39.4             8.7      $      32.3             8.2
     Solutions.................         2.0             3.2               1.3             2.1             (2.4)           (4.9)
                                 ---------------    ----------     ---------------    -----------     -------------    ------------
          Total...............$        57.9            10.4     $        40.7             7.9      $      29.9             6.7
                                 ===============    ==========     ===============    ===========     =============    ============

</TABLE>

PRODUCTS SEGMENT

PRODUCTS

     Our Products  segment  primarily  designs,  manufactures  and distributes a
broad range of material handling,  lifting and positioning  products for various
applications  in  industry  and  for  consumer  use  and  has  total  assets  of
approximately  $530.6 million as of March 31, 2006. These products are typically
manufactured  for stock or assembled to order from standard  components  and are
sold  through a  variety  of  distributors.  Approximately  75% of our  Products
segment net sales is derived  from the sale of  products  that we sell at a unit
price of less than  $5,000.  In fiscal 2006,  net sales of the Products  segment
were  approximately  $493.9 million or approximately  88.8% of our net sales, of
which  approximately  $342.5 million, or 69.4% were domestic and $151.4 million,
or 30.6% were  international.  The following table sets forth certain sales data
for the products of our Products segment, expressed as a percentage of net sales
of this segment for fiscal 2006 and 2005:

                                                  FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                  ----------------------------
                                                      2006            2005
                                                  ------------    ------------
              Hoists........................           52%             50%
              Chain.........................           15              16
              Forged attachments............           12              12
              Industrial cranes.............           13              14
              Industrial components.........            8               8
                                                  ------------    ------------
                                                      100%            100%

     HOISTS.  We manufacture a variety of electric  chain hoists,  electric wire
rope hoists,  hand-operated  hoists,  lever tools and air-powered  balancers and
hoists.  Load  capacities for our hoist product lines range from one-eighth of a
ton to 100 tons. These products are sold under our Budgit, Chester, CM, Coffing,
Little Mule, Shaw-Box, Yale and other recognized trademarks. Our hoists are sold
for use in a variety of general industrial  applications,  as well as for use in
the  entertainment,  consumer,  rental and other  markets.  We also supply hoist
trolleys,  driven manually or by electric motors,  for the industrial,  consumer
and OEM markets.


                                       7
<PAGE>

     We offer a line of custom-designed,  below-the-hook tooling, clamps, pallet
trucks and textile strappings. Below-the-hook tooling and clamps are specialized
lifting  apparatus  used  in  a  variety  of  lifting  activities  performed  in
conjunction  with  hoist  and  chain   applications.   Textile   strappings  are
below-the-hook attachments, frequently used in conjunction with hoists.

     CHAIN. We manufacture  alloy and carbon steel chain for various  industrial
and consumer  applications.  Federal regulations require the use of alloy chain,
which we first  developed,  for  overhead  lifting  applications  because of its
strength and wear  characteristics.  A line of our alloy chain is sold under the
Herc-Alloy  brand name for use in  overhead  lifting,  pulling  and  restraining
applications.  In  addition,  we also  sell  specialized  load  chain for use in
hoists,  as well as three grades and multiple sizes of carbon steel  welded-link
chain for various load securing and other non-overhead lifting applications.  We
also manufacture kiln chain sold primarily to the cement  manufacturing  market.
In addition,  we previously  sold anchor and buoy chain to the U.S. and Canadian
governments through our Lister Chain & Forge division which was sold in February
2004.

     FORGED  ATTACHMENTS.  We also  produce a complete  line of alloy and carbon
steel closed-die forged attachments,  including hooks, shackles,  hitch pins and
master links.  These forged attachments are used in chain, wire rope and textile
rigging  applications  in a variety  of  industries,  including  transportation,
mining, construction, marine, logging, petrochemical and agriculture.

     In addition, we manufacture carbon steel forged and stamped products,  such
as  loadbinders,  logging  tools and  other  securing  devices,  for sale to the
industrial,  consumer  and  logging  markets  through  industrial  distributors,
hardware distributors, mass merchandiser outlets and OEMs.

     INDUSTRIAL  CRANES. We entered the crane  manufacturing  market through our
August 1998 acquisition of Abell-Howe,  a Chicago-based regional manufacturer of
jib and overhead bridge cranes.  Our March 1999 acquisition of GL International,
which  included the Gaffey and Larco brands,  and our April 1999  acquisition of
Washington Equipment Company established us as a significant  participant in the
crane building and servicing  markets.  Crane  builders  represent a specialized
distribution channel for electric wire rope hoists, chain hoists and other crane
components.

     INDUSTRIAL  COMPONENTS.  Through our  Duff-Norton  division,  we design and
manufacture  industrial  components  such as  mechanical  and  electromechanical
actuators,  mechanical jacks and rotary unions for sale domestically and abroad.
Actuators are linear motion devices used in a variety of  industries,  including
the  paper,  steel and  aerospace  industries.  Mechanical  jacks are heavy duty
lifting  devices  used in the  repair and  maintenance  of  railroad  equipment,
locomotives and industrial machinery.  Rotary unions are devices that transfer a
liquid or gas from a fixed pipe or hose to a rotating  drum,  cylinder  or other
device.  These  unions  are  unique  in that they  connect a moving or  rotating
component  of a machine to fixed  plumbing  without  major  spillage or leakage.
Rotary  unions are used in a variety  of  industries  including  pulp and paper,
printing, textile and fabric manufacturing, rubber and plastic.

SALES AND MARKETING

     Our sales and marketing  efforts in support of our Products segment consist
of the following programs:

     FACTORY-DIRECT  FIELD  SALES AND  CUSTOMER  SERVICE.  We sell our  products
through  our  direct  sales  forces of more than 125  salespersons  and  through
independent sales agents worldwide.  Our sales are further supported by our more
than 230 company-trained  customer service  correspondents and sales application
engineers.  We compensate  our sales force through a combination  of base salary
and a commission plan based on top line sales and a pre-established sales quota.

     PRODUCT  ADVERTISING.  We promote our  products by regular  advertising  in
leading  trade  journals as well as  producing  and  distributing  high  quality
information catalogs. We support our product distribution by running cooperative
"pull-through"  advertising in over 15 vertical trade  magazines and directories
aimed toward theatrical,  international,  consumer and crane builder markets. We
run targeted advertisements for chain, hoists, forged attachments,  scissor lift
tables,  actuators,  hydraulic jacks,  hardware programs,  cranes and light-rail
systems.

     TRADE SHOW  PARTICIPATION.  Trade shows are central to the promotion of our
products,   and  we  participate   in  more  than  30  regional,   national  and
international  trade shows each year.  Shows in which we participate  range from
global events held in Germany to local "markets" and "open houses"  organized by
individual hardware and industrial distributors.  We also attend specialty shows
for the  entertainment,  rental and safety  markets,  as well as general purpose
industrial and consumer hardware shows. In fiscal 2006, we participated in trade
shows in the U.S., Canada,  Mexico,  Germany, the United Kingdom,  France, China
and Brazil.


                                       8
<PAGE>


     INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION MEMBERSHIP AND PARTICIPATION. As a recognized industry
leader,  we have a long  history  of work  and  participation  in a  variety  of
industry  associations.  Our management is directly  involved at the officer and
director levels of numerous industry associations  including the following:  ISA
(Industrial Supply Association),  AWRF (Associated Wire Rope Fabricators),  PTDA
(Power Transmission and Distributors Association),  SCRA (Specialty Carriers and
Riggers Association),  WSTDA (Web Sling and Tie Down Association), MHI (Material
Handling   Institute),   HMI  (Hoist  Manufacturers   Institute),   CMAA  (Crane
Manufacturers   Association  of  America),   ESTA  (Entertainment  Services  and
Technology Association),  NACM (National Association of Chain Manufacturers) and
ARA (American Rental Association).

     PRODUCT STANDARDS AND SAFETY TRAINING CLASSES.  We conduct on-site training
programs  worldwide for  distributors and end-users to promote and reinforce the
attributes of our products and their safe use and operation in various  material
handling applications.

     WEB SITES.  In addition to our main corporate web site at  www.cmworks.com,
we currently  sponsor an  additional  25 brand  specific web sites and sell hand
pallet  trucks  on one of  these  sites.  Our web  site at  www.cmindustrial.com
currently includes  electronic catalogs of CM brand hoist and chain products and
list prices.  Current and  potential  customers  can browse  through our diverse
product offering or search for specific products by name or classification  code
and obtain  technical  product  specifications.  We continue  to add  additional
product  catalogs,  maintenance  manuals,  advertisements  and customer  service
information on our various web sites.  Many of the web sites allow  distributors
to search for personalized pricing information,  order status and product serial
number data and to enter sales orders.

DISTRIBUTION AND MARKETS

     The  distribution  channels for the Products  segment  include a variety of
commercial  distributors.  In addition,  the  Products  segment  sells  overhead
bridge,  jib and  gantry  cranes  directly  to  end-users.  We also  sell to the
consumer market through wholesalers. Our products are sold through the following
distribution channels:

     GENERAL DISTRIBUTION  CHANNELS.  Our general distribution  channels consist
of:

     --   Industrial  distributors  that  serve  local  or  regional  industrial
          markets  and sell a  variety  of  products  for  maintenance,  repair,
          operating  and  production,  or MROP,  applications  through their own
          direct sales force.

     --   Rigging  shops  that  are  distributors  with  expertise  in  rigging,
          lifting,  positioning  and load securing.  Most rigging shops assemble
          and distribute  chain,  wire rope and synthetic  slings and distribute
          off-the-shelf   hoists  and   attachments,   chain  slings  and  other
          off-the-shelf products.

     --   Independent  crane  builders that design,  build,  install and service
          overhead  crane and light-rail  systems for general  industry and also
          sell a wide  variety  of  hoists  and  lifting  attachments.  We  sell
          electric   wire  rope  hoists  and  chain  hoists  as  well  as  crane
          components,  such as end trucks, trolleys,  drives and electrification
          systems to crane builders.

     CRANE END-USERS.  We sell overhead bridge, jib and gantry cranes, parts and
services to  end-users  through our wholly  owned  crane  builders  (Abell-Howe,
Gaffey,  Larco and Washington  Equipment) within the CraneMart(TM)  network. Our
wholly owned crane builders design,  manufacture,  install and service a variety
of cranes with capacities up to 100 tons.

     SPECIALTY   DISTRIBUTION  CHANNELS.  Our  specialty  distribution  channels
consist of:

     --   Catalog  houses  that  market a variety  of MROP  supplies,  including
          material  handling  products,   either   exclusively   through  large,
          nationally  distributed  catalogs, or through a combination of catalog
          and internet  sales and a field sales force.  More  recently,  catalog
          houses,  particularly  W.W.  Grainger,  Inc., are pursuing  e-commerce
          through their web sites.  The customer base served by catalog  houses,
          which   traditionally   included  smaller  industrial   companies  and
          consumers,   has  grown  to  include  large  industrial  accounts  and
          integrated suppliers.

     --   Material handling specialists and integrators that design and assemble
          systems incorporating hoists, overhead rail systems, trolleys, scissor
          lift tables, manipulators,  air balancers, jib arms and other material
          handling  products  to  provide  end-users  with  solutions  to  their
          material handling problems.


                                       9
<PAGE>

     --   Entertainment equipment distributors that design, supply and install a
          variety of material  handling  and  rigging  equipment  for  concerts,
          theaters,  ice shows,  sports  arenas,  convention  centers  and night
          clubs.

     SERVICE-AFTER-SALE  DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL.  Service-after-sale  distributors
include our authorized  network of 13 chain repair service stations and over 350
hoist  service and repair  stations.  This service  network is designed for easy
parts and  service  access for our large  installed  base of hoists and  related
equipment in North America.

     OEM/GOVERNMENT DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS. This channel consists of:

     --   OEMs that supply various  component parts directly to other industrial
          manufacturers  as  well  as  private  branding  and  packaging  of our
          traditional products for material handling,  lifting,  positioning and
          special purpose applications.

     --   Government agencies,  including the U.S. and Canadian Navies and Coast
          Guards,  that  purchase  primarily  load  securing  chain  and  forged
          attachments.

     CONSUMER DISTRIBUTION. Consumer sales, consisting primarily of carbon steel
chain and  assemblies,  forged  attachments  and hand powered  hoists,  are made
through five distribution  channels:  two-step wholesale hardware  distribution;
one-step  distribution  direct to retail  outlets;  trucking and  transportation
distributors; farm hardware distributors; and rental outlets.

     INTERNATIONAL DISTRIBUTION.  We distribute virtually all of our products in
over 50 countries on six continents through a variety of distribution channels.

CUSTOMER SERVICE AND TRAINING

     We maintain customer service  departments  staffed by trained personnel for
all of our Products segment sales divisions,  and regularly schedule product and
service  training  schools for all customer  service  representatives  and field
sales  personnel.   Training  programs  for  distribution  and  service  station
personnel, as well as for end-users, are scheduled on a regular basis at most of
our  facilities  and in the  field.  We have more than 350  service  and  repair
stations worldwide that provide local and regional repair,  warranty and general
service work for distributors  and end-users.  End-user  trainees  attending our
various programs include  representatives  of General Motors,  DuPont,  3M, GTE,
Cummins Engine,  General  Electric and many other  industrial and  entertainment
organizations.

     We also provide, in multiple languages, a variety of collateral material in
video,  cassette,  CD-ROM,  slide and print format addressing  relevant material
handling  topics such as the care, use and inspection of chains and hoists,  and
overhead lifting and positioning safety. In addition, we sponsor advisory boards
made up of  representatives of our primary  distributors and  service-after-sale
network  members  who are  invited  to  participate  in  discussions  focused on
improving  products  and  service.  These  boards  enable  us  and  our  primary
distributors  to exchange  product and market  information  relevant to industry
trends.

BACKLOG

     Our Products segment backlog of orders at March 31, 2006 was  approximately
$53.6 million  compared to  approximately  $42.3 million at March 31, 2005.  Our
orders for standard  products are generally  shipped within one week. Orders for
products  that are  manufactured  to  customers'  specifications  are  generally
shipped within four to twelve weeks.  Given the short product lead times,  we do
not  believe  that the  amount of our  Products  segment  backlog of orders is a
reliable indication of our future sales.

COMPETITION

     Despite recent consolidation, the material handling industry remains highly
fragmented.  We face  competition  from a wide range of  regional,  national and
international  manufacturers  in both  domestic and  international  markets.  In
addition,  we often compete with individual  operating  units of larger,  highly
diversified companies.

     The principal  competitive  factors  affecting our Products segment include
product performance,  functionality,  price, brand, reputation,  reliability and
availability,  as well as customer service and support.  Other important factors
include distributor relationships, territory coverage and the ability to service
the distributor with on-time delivery and repair services.


                                       10
<PAGE>



     Major   competitors  with  our  Products  segment  for  hoists  are  Demag,
Kito-Harrington,  Ingersoll-Rand,  KCI Konecranes and Morris Material  Handling;
for chain are Campbell  Chain,  Peerless  Chain  Company and American  Chain and
Cable Company;  for forged  attachments  are The Crosby Group and Brewer Tichner
Company; for crane building are Demag, KCI Konecranes,  Morris Material Handling
and a variety of independent crane builders;  and for industrial  components are
Deublin, Joyce-Dayton and Nook Industries.

SOLUTIONS SEGMENT

     The Solutions segment is engaged  primarily in the design,  fabrication and
installation  of integrated  work station and  facility-wide  material  handling
systems  and in the  manufacture  and  distribution  of  lift  tables  and  tire
shredders and has total assets of $35.4 million as of March 31, 2006.  Net sales
of the  Solutions  segment in fiscal  2006 were $62.1  million,  or 11.2% of our
total net  sales,  of which  $15.1  million,  or 24.4% were  domestic  and $47.0
million,  or 75.6% were  international.  The following  table sets forth certain
sales data for the products and services of our Solutions segment,  expressed as
a percentage of this segment's net sales for fiscal 2006 and 2005:

                                                    FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                    ----------------------------
                                                        2006            2005
                                                    ------------    ------------
   Integrated material handling conveyor systems..       69%             70%
   Lift tables....................................       12              13
   Light-rail systems.............................        4               4
   Other..........................................       15              13
                                                    ------------    ------------
                                                        100%            100%

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

     INTEGRATED  MATERIAL HANDLING CONVEYOR SYSTEMS.  Conveyors are an important
component of many material handling systems, reflecting their high functionality
for transporting material throughout manufacturing and warehouse facilities.  We
specialize  in  designing   computer-controlled  and  automated  powered  roller
conveyors for use in warehouse operations and distribution systems. Since fiscal
2003,  we have been  executing  a revenue  growth  strategy  by  developing  our
capabilities to function as a turnkey  integrator of material  handling systems,
while continuing to provide the conveyors required for the systems.

     LIFT TABLES. Our American Lifts division  manufactures powered lift tables.
These products enhance workplace  ergonomics and are sold primarily to customers
in the manufacturing, construction, general industrial and air cargo industries.

     LIGHT-RAIL  SYSTEMS.  Introduced  in fiscal  2001,  light-rail  systems are
portable steel overhead beam  configurations  used at  workstations,  from which
hoists are frequently suspended.

SALES AND MARKETING

     The products and services of the  Solutions  segment are sold  primarily to
large sophisticated corporate end-users,  including Federal Express, UPS, United
Biscuits,  Lego,  John Deere,  Lowe's and other  industrial  companies,  systems
integrators and  distributors.  In the sale of our integrated  material handling
conveyor systems, we act as a prime contractor with turnkey responsibility or as
a supplier  working closely with the customer's  general  contractor.  Sales are
generated by internal sales  personnel and rely heavily on  engineer-to-engineer
interactions with the customer. The process of generating client contract awards
for   integrated    conveyor    systems    generally    entails    receiving   a
request-for-quotation  from  customers  and  undergoing  a  competitive  bidding
process.  The Solutions  segment also sells light-rail  systems and scissor lift
tables  through its  internal  sales force and through  specialized  independent
distributors and manufacturers representatives.

CUSTOMER SERVICE AND TRAINING

     The  Solutions  segment  offers a wide  range of  value-added  services  to
customers  including:  an  engineering  review of the customer's  processes;  an
engineering   solution  for  identified  material  handling  problems;   project
management; and custom design,  manufacturing and installation services. We also
offer after-sales services including operator training, maintenance and hot-line
support.  The typical length of after-sales service varies depending on customer
requirements and supplemental training courses are offered as needed.


                                       11
<PAGE>


BACKLOG

     Revenues from our Solutions segment are generally  recognized within one to
six  months.  Our backlog of orders at March 31,  2006 was  approximately  $13.0
million compared to approximately $9.6 million at March 31, 2005.

COMPETITION

     The principal competitive factors affecting the market for the products and
services of our Solutions segment include application solutions, performance and
price.  The process of generating  client contract  awards for these  businesses
generally   entails  receiving  a   request-for-quotation   from  end-users  and
undergoing  a  competitive  bidding  process.  Our  Solutions  segment  competes
primarily with Crisplant, Diafuku, Swisslog, Gorbel and Southworth.

EMPLOYEES

     At March 31, 2006, our continuing operations had 3,081 employees;  1,957 in
the U.S., 122 in Canada, 159 in Mexico/South America and 843 in Europe and Asia.
Approximately  698 of our employees are represented under seven separate U.S. or
Canadian  collective  bargaining  agreements  which  terminate at various  times
between  August 2006 and May 2009.  The  contract  which  expires in August 2006
currently  covers  137  employees.  Preliminary  informal  negotiations  for  an
extension of this agreement have begun.  There is another contract which expires
in  March  2007  and  currently  covers  156  employees.  We  believe  that  our
relationship with our employees is good.

RAW MATERIALS AND COMPONENTS

     Our  principal  raw  materials  and  components  are steel,  consisting  of
structural  steel,  processed steel bar, forging bar steel,  steel rod and wire,
steel pipe and tubing and tool steel; electric motors;  bearings; gear reducers;
castings; and electro-mechanical components. These commodities are all available
from multiple  sources.  We purchase most of these raw materials and  components
from a limited  number of strategic  and  preferred  suppliers  under  long-term
agreements  which are negotiated on a company-wide  basis through our Purchasing
Council to take advantage of volume discounts. As the steel industry is cyclical
and steel prices can fluctuate significantly, beginning in approximately January
2004 we saw  significant  cost  increases  in certain  types of steel in certain
markets.  We  generally  seek  to  pass  on  materials  price  increases  to our
distribution  channel  partners  and end-user  customers,  although a lag period
often exists.  We believe we have been successful in instituting  surcharges and
price  increases to pass on these material cost  increases.  We will continue to
monitor our costs and  reevaluate our pricing  policies.  Our ability to pass on
these increases is determined by market conditions.

MANUFACTURING

     We manufacture approximately 90% of the products we sell. Additionally,  we
outsource  components and finished  goods from an established  global network of
suppliers.  We  regularly  upgrade our  manufacturing  facilities  and invest in
tooling, equipment and technology. We have implemented Lean Manufacturing in our
plants  which has  resulted  in  inventory  reductions,  reductions  in required
manufacturing floor area, shorter product lead time and increased productivity.

     Our manufacturing operations are highly integrated.  Although raw materials
and some  components  such as motors,  bearings,  gear  reducers,  castings  and
electro-mechanical  components,  are purchased, our vertical integration enables
us to produce many of the components used in the  manufacturing of our products.
We  manufacture  hoist  lifting  chain,  steel forged gear blanks,  lift wheels,
trolley wheels, and hooks and other attachments for incorporation into our hoist
products.  These  products  are  also  sold as spare  parts  for  hoist  repair.
Additionally,  our hoists are used as  components  in the  manufacture  of crane
systems  by us and by our  crane-builder  customers.  We believe  this  vertical
integration results in lower production costs, greater manufacturing flexibility
and higher product quality, and reduces our reliance on outside suppliers.


                                       12
<PAGE>

ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION

     Like most manufacturing companies, we are subject to various federal, state
and local laws  relating to the  protection of the  environment.  To address the
requirements of such laws, we have adopted a corporate environmental  protection
policy which provides that all of our owned or leased  facilities shall, and all
of our  employees  have the duty to,  comply with all  applicable  environmental
regulatory  standards,  and we have initiated an environmental  auditing program
for our facilities to ensure compliance with such regulatory standards.  We have
also established managerial responsibilities and internal communication channels
for dealing with environmental compliance issues that may arise in the course of
our business. We have made and could be required to continue to make significant
expenditures  to  comply  with  environmental   requirements.   Because  of  the
complexity and changing  nature of  environmental  regulatory  standards,  it is
possible  that  situations  will arise from time to time  requiring  us to incur
additional expenditures in order to ensure environmental  regulatory compliance.
However, we are not aware of any environmental condition or any operation at any
of our facilities,  either  individually or in the aggregate,  which would cause
expenditures  having a material  adverse  effect on our  results of  operations,
financial  condition  or cash  flows and,  accordingly,  have not  budgeted  any
material capital expenditures for environmental compliance for fiscal 2007.

     Certain  environmental  laws, such as the U.S.  federal  Superfund laws and
similar  state  statutes,  can impose  liability on current or former  owners or
operators  of a site,  or on parties who  disposed  of waste at a site,  for the
entire cost of cleaning up a site  contaminated by hazardous  substances.  These
costs may be assessed regardless of whether the party owned or operated the site
at the time of the releases or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity.
The  required  remedial  activities  are  usually  performed  in the  context of
administrative  or  judicial  enforcement   proceedings  brought  by  regulatory
authorities, or in the context of voluntary cleanup agreements entered into with
such regulatory authorities. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup
costs  and  third-party   claims,   as  a  result  of  liabilities   under  such
environmental  laws. For example,  we have been identified by the New York State
Department of Environmental Conservation, or NYSDEC, along with other companies,
as a potentially  responsible  party,  or PRP, at the Frontier  Chemical Site in
Pendleton,  New York, a site listed on NYSDEC's  Registry of Inactive  Hazardous
Waste Disposal sites. From 1958 to 1977, the Pendleton Site had been operated as
a commercial  waste  treatment  and disposal  facility.  We sent waste  pickling
liquor  generated at our facility in Tonawanda,  New York, to the Pendleton Site
during the period from  approximately  1969 to 1977,  and we  participated  with
other PRPs in conducting  the  remediation of the Pendleton Site under a consent
order with NYSDEC.  Construction  in connection  with the  remediation  has been
completed and this project is currently in its operations and maintenance phase.
As a result of a negotiated cost  allocation  among the  participating  PRPs, we
have paid our pro rata share of the remediation  construction  costs and accrued
our share of the ongoing operations and maintenance costs. As of March 31, 2006,
we have paid  approximately  $1.0 million in remediation and ongoing  operations
and maintenance costs associated with the Pendleton Site. The participating PRPs
have  identified and commenced a cost recovery  action against a number of other
parties who sent hazardous  substances to the Pendleton Site.  Full  settlements
have  been  reached  with  all  defendants  in the  cost  recovery  action.  All
settlement  payments in connection  with the Pendleton Site litigation have been
made, and we have received $0.2 million as our share of the settlement proceeds.
We have also  entered  into a  settlement  agreement  with one of our  insurance
carriers in the amount of $0.7 million in connection with the Pendleton Site and
have received payment in full of the settlement amount.

     We are  investigating  past waste  disposal  activities  at a  facility  in
Cleveland, Texas, operated by our subsidiary, Crane Equipment and Service, Inc.,
and we have  entered into a voluntary  agreement  with the Texas  Commission  on
Environmental   Quality  to   investigate   and,   as   appropriate,   remediate
environmental   conditions  at  this  site.  At  this  time  site  investigation
activities  are ongoing and it is not  possible to  determine  the costs of site
remediation,  if any,  but we  believe  any such  costs will not have a material
adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition.  We have filed a
lawsuit in federal district court against the persons we believe are responsible
for the past waste disposal activities. The purpose of the lawsuit is to recover
our  costs of  investigating  and  remediating  site  conditions  caused by such
activities.

     For all of the currently  known  environmental  matters,  we have accrued a
total of $0.8 million as of March 31, 2006, which, in our opinion, is sufficient
to  deal  with  such  matters.   Further,   our  management  believes  that  the
environmental  matters known to, or anticipated by, us should not,  individually
or in the aggregate,  have a material adverse effect on our operating results or
financial  condition.   However,  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  potential
liabilities  and  expenditures  associated with unknown  environmental  matters,
unanticipated   events,  or  future  compliance  with   environmental  laws  and
regulations will not have a material adverse effect on us.

     Our  operations  are also  governed  by many  other  laws and  regulations,
including those relating to workplace safety and worker health, principally OSHA
and regulations  thereunder.  We believe that we are in material compliance with
these laws and regulations  and do not believe that future  compliance with such
laws and  regulations  will have a  material  adverse  effect  on our  operating
results or financial condition.


                                       13
<PAGE>

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

     Our internet address is  WWW.CMWORKS.COM.  We make available free of charge
through our website our Annual  Report on Form 10-K,  Quarterly  Reports on Form
10-Q,  Current  Reports on Form 8-K and  amendments  to those  reports  filed or
furnished  pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended,  as soon as reasonably  practicable  after such  documents are
electronically  filed  with,  or  furnished  to,  the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission.


ITEM 1A.          RISK FACTORS

Columbus  McKinnon is subject to a number of risk factors that could  negatively
affect our results from business  operations  or cause actual  results to differ
materially from those  projected or indicated in any forward looking  statement.
Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following:

OUR BUSINESS IS CYCLICAL AND IS AFFECTED BY INDUSTRIAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS,  AND
OVER THE PAST SEVERAL YEARS WE EXPERIENCED  SUBSTANTIALLY REDUCED DEMAND FOR OUR
PRODUCTS.

     Many of the  end-users of our products are in highly  cyclical  industries,
such as general manufacturing and construction, that are sensitive to changes in
general economic conditions. Their demand for our products, and thus our results
of  operations,  is  directly  related  to the  level  of  production  in  their
facilities,  which changes as a result of changes in general economic conditions
and other factors beyond our control.  In fiscal 2003 and 2004, for example,  we
experienced significantly reduced demand for our products, generally as a result
of the  global  economic  slowdown,  and more  specifically  as a result  of the
dramatic  decline in  capital  goods  spending  in the  industries  in which our
end-users  operate.  These lower levels of demand resulted in a 24.2% decline in
net sales  from  fiscal  2001 to fiscal  2004,  from  $586.2  million  to $444.6
million.  This decline in net sales  resulted in a 54.6%  decrease in our income
from operations during the same period.  We have seen a significant  improvement
in demand for our  products  in fiscal  2005 and 2006.  Our net sales for fiscal
2006 were $556.0 million, up $111.4 million or 25.1% from fiscal 2004 sales.

     If the current upturn does not continue or if there is deterioration in the
general  economy  or in the  industries  we  serve,  our  business,  results  of
operations and financial condition could be materially  adversely  affected.  In
addition,  the  cyclical  nature of our business  could at times also  adversely
affect our liquidity and ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility.

WE RELY IN LARGE PART ON INDEPENDENT DISTRIBUTORS FOR SALES OF OUR PRODUCTS.

     We depend on  independent  distributors  to sell our  products  and provide
service and aftermarket support to our end-user  customers.  Distributors play a
significant role in determining  which of our products are stocked at the branch
locations,  and hence are most readily accessible to aftermarket buyers, and the
price at which these products are sold. Almost all of the distributors with whom
we transact  business  offer  competitive  products and services to our end-user
customers.  We do not have written  agreements with our distributors  located in
the United States.  The loss of a substantial number of these distributors or an
increase in the distributors' sales of our competitors' products to our ultimate
customers could materially reduce our sales and profits.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS FROM OUR INTERNATIONAL SALES.

     Our products are sold in many countries  around the world.  Thus, a portion
of our revenues  (approximately $161.4 million in fiscal year 2006) is generated
in foreign currencies,  including  principally the euro and the Canadian dollar,
while a portion of the costs incurred to generate those revenues are incurred in
other  currencies.  Since  our  financial  statements  are  denominated  in U.S.
dollars,  changes in currency  exchange rates between the U.S.  dollar and other
currencies  have had, and will continue to have,  an impact on our earnings.  We
currently  do not have  exchange  rate  hedges in place to reduce the risk of an
adverse  currency  exchange  movement.  Currency  fluctuations  may  impact  our
financial performance in the future.



                                       14
<PAGE>


OUR INTERNATIONAL  OPERATIONS POSE CERTAIN RISKS THAT MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT SALES
AND EARNINGS.

     We have  operations  and  assets  located  outside  of the  United  States,
primarily in Canada, Mexico,  Germany, the United Kingdom,  Denmark,  France and
China. In addition, we import a portion of our hoist product line from Asia, and
sell our products to  distributors  located in  approximately  50 countries.  In
fiscal year 2006,  approximately 36% of our net sales were derived from non-U.S.
markets.  These  international  operations  are  subject  to a number of special
risks,  in addition to the risks of our domestic  business,  including  currency
exchange rate  fluctuations,  differing  protections of  intellectual  property,
trade barriers, labor unrest, exchange controls,  regional economic uncertainty,
differing (and possibly more stringent) labor  regulation,  risk of governmental
expropriation,  domestic and foreign  customs and tariffs,  current and changing
regulatory   environments,   difficulty  in  obtaining   distribution   support,
difficulty in staffing and managing  widespread  operations,  differences in the
availability  and  terms  of  financing,  political  instability  and  risks  of
increases in taxes.  Also,  in some foreign  jurisdictions  we may be subject to
laws limiting the right and ability of entities  organized or operating  therein
to pay dividends or remit  earnings to  affiliated  companies  unless  specified
conditions are met. These factors may adversely affect our future profits.

     Part of our  strategy is to expand our  worldwide  market  share and reduce
costs by strengthening our international  distribution capabilities and sourcing
basic  components  in  foreign  countries,  in  particular  in Mexico and China.
Implementation  of this strategy may increase the impact of the risks  described
above,  and we cannot assure you that such risks will not have an adverse effect
on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

OUR BUSINESS IS HIGHLY  COMPETITIVE AND INCREASED  COMPETITION  COULD REDUCE OUR
SALES, EARNINGS AND PROFITABILITY.

     The principal  markets that we serve within the material  handling industry
are  fragmented  and  highly  competitive.  Competition  is based  primarily  on
performance,  functionality,  price,  brand  recognition,  customer  service and
support,  and product  availability.  Our competition in the markets in which we
participate  comes from companies of various  sizes,  some of which have greater
financial and other resources than we do. Increased  competition  could force us
to lower our  prices or to offer  additional  services  at a higher  cost to us,
which could reduce our gross margins and net income.

     The greater  financial  resources or the lower amount of debt of certain of
our  competitors may enable them to commit larger amounts of capital in response
to changing market conditions.  Certain competitors may also have the ability to
develop product or service  innovations that could put us at a disadvantage.  In
addition,  some of our  competitors  have  achieved  substantially  more  market
penetration  in certain  of the  markets in which we  operate,  including  crane
building.  If we are unable to compete  successfully against other manufacturers
of material  handling  equipment,  we could lose  customers and our revenues may
decline.  There can also be no assurance  that customers will continue to regard
our products favorably, that we will be able to develop new products that appeal
to customers,  that we will be able to improve or maintain our profit margins on
sales  to our  customers  or  that  we will  be  able  to  continue  to  compete
successfully in our core markets.

OUR PRODUCTS INVOLVE RISKS OF PERSONAL INJURY AND PROPERTY DAMAGE, WHICH EXPOSES
US TO POTENTIAL LIABILITY.

     Our business exposes us to possible claims for personal injury or death and
property damage resulting from the products that we sell. We maintain  insurance
through  a  combination  of  self-insurance   retentions  and  excess  insurance
coverage.  We monitor  claims and potential  claims of which we become aware and
establish accrued liability reserves for the self-insurance amounts based on our
liability  estimates for such claims. We cannot give any assurance that existing
or future claims will not exceed our estimates for  self-insurance or the amount
of our excess insurance coverage. In addition, we cannot give any assurance that
insurance will continue to be available to us on economically  reasonable  terms
or that our  insurers  would  not  require  us to  increase  our  self-insurance
amounts.  Claims  brought  against us that are not covered by  insurance or that
result in  recoveries  in excess of  insurance  coverage  could  have a material
adverse effect on our results and financial condition.


                                       15
<PAGE>

OUR FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE AFFECTED BY FLUCTUATIONS IN STEEL PRICES. WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PASS ON INCREASES IN RAW MATERIAL COSTS TO OUR CUSTOMERS.

     The principal raw material  used in our chain,  forging and crane  building
operations is steel.  The steel industry as a whole is highly  cyclical,  and at
times  pricing can be volatile  due to a number of factors  beyond our  control,
including general economic conditions, labor costs, competition,  import duties,
tariffs and currency  exchange  rates.  During  2004,  the market price of steel
increased  significantly  but has  stabilized,  or even  decreased in some steel
categories  during 2005 and 2006. This volatility can  significantly  affect our
raw material  costs.  In an  environment  of  increasing  raw  material  prices,
competitive  conditions  will determine how much of the steel price increases we
can pass on to our  customers.  During 2004 through 2006, we were  successful in
adding and  maintaining  a  surcharge  to the  prices of our high steel  content
products or incorporating them as price increases, reflecting the increased cost
of steel. In the future,  to the extent we are unable to pass on any steel price
increases to our customers, our profitability could be adversely affected.

WE  DEPEND  ON OUR  SENIOR  MANAGEMENT  TEAM  AND THE LOSS OF ANY  MEMBER  COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS.

     Our success is dependent on the  management  and  leadership  skills of our
senior  management team. The loss of any of these individuals or an inability to
attract,  retain  and  maintain  additional  personnel  could  prevent  us  from
implementing our business strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
retain  our  existing  senior  management  personnel  or to  attract  additional
qualified  personnel  when needed.  Effective  August 4, 2005,  our former Chief
Financial Officer,  Robert R. Friedl, resigned as an employee of the company. We
have not entered into employment  agreements  with any of our senior  management
personnel.

WE ARE  SUBJECT TO  VARIOUS  ENVIRONMENTAL  LAWS WHICH MAY  REQUIRE US TO EXPEND
SIGNIFICANT CAPITAL AND INCUR SUBSTANTIAL COST.

     Our operations and facilities are subject to various federal,  state, local
and  foreign  requirements  relating  to  the  protection  of  the  environment,
including those governing the discharges of pollutants in the air and water, the
generation,  management and disposal of hazardous  substances and wastes and the
cleanup  of  contaminated  sites.  We have  made,  and  will  continue  to make,
expenditures  to comply with such  requirements.  Violations  of, or liabilities
under,  environmental  laws  and  regulations,  or  changes  in  such  laws  and
regulations  (such as the imposition of more stringent  standards for discharges
into the  environment),  could  result  in  substantial  costs to us,  including
operating  costs  and  capital  expenditures,   fines  and  civil  and  criminal
sanctions,  third party claims for property damage or personal injury,  clean-up
costs  or  costs  relating  to the  temporary  or  permanent  discontinuance  of
operations. Certain of our facilities have been in operation for many years, and
we have remediated  contamination  at some of our facilities.  Over time, we and
other predecessor operators of such facilities have generated, used, handled and
disposed of  hazardous  and other  regulated  wastes.  Additional  environmental
liabilities could exist,  including  clean-up  obligations at these locations or
other sites at which  materials from our operations  were disposed,  which could
result in substantial  future  expenditures that cannot be currently  quantified
and which could  reduce our profits or have an adverse  effect on our  financial
condition.


ITEM 1B.          UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

      None.



                                       16
<PAGE>


ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES

     We maintain  our  corporate  headquarters  in Amherst,  New York and, as of
March  31,  2006,  conducted  our  principal   manufacturing  at  the  following
facilities:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                            SQUARE       OWNED OR      BUSINESS
LOCATION                              PRODUCTS/OPERATIONS                                   FOOTAGE       LEASED        SEGMENT
- -----------------------------------   --------------------------------------------------  ------------  ------------  ------------
UNITED STATES:
<S>                                   <C>                                                     <C>       <C>           <C>
Muskegon, MI                          Hoists                                                  441,225   Owned         Products
Charlotte, NC                         Industrial components                                   243.750   Owned         Products
Wadesboro, NC                         Hoists                                                  186,057   Owned         Products
Lexington, TN                         Chain                                                   175,700   Owned         Products
Cedar Rapids, IA                      Forged attachments                                      100,000   Owned         Products
Eureka, IL                            Cranes                                                   91,300   Owned         Products
Damascus, VA                          Hoists                                                   90,338   Owned         Products
Chattanooga, TN                       Forged attachments                                       77,000   Owned         Products
Greensburg, IN                        Scissor lifts                                            70,000   Owned         Solutions
Lisbon, OH                            Hoists                                                   36,600   Owned         Products
Cleveland, TX                         Cranes                                                   35,000   Owned         Products
Tonawanda, NY                         Light-rail crane systems                                 35,000   Owned         Solutions
Chattanooga, TN                       Forged attachments                                       33,000   Owned         Products
Sarasota, FL                          Tire shredders                                           24,954   Owned         Solutions


INTERNATIONAL:
Santiago, Tianguistenco, Mexico       Hoists and chain                                         85,000   Owned         Products
Velbert, Germany                      Hoists                                                   72,200   Leased        Products
Arden, Denmark                        Project design and conveyors                             71,500   Owned         Solutions
Hangzhou, China                       Hoists and hand pallet trucks                            50,000   Leased        Products
Stoney Creek, Ontario, Canada         Cranes                                                   44,255   Owned         Products
Hangzhou, China                       Metal fabrication, textiles and textile
                                      strappings                                               37,000   Leased        Products
Hangzhou, China                       Textile strappings                                       30,000   Leased        Products
Chester, United Kingdom               Plate clamps                                             28,100   Leased        Products
Romeny-sur-Marne, France              Rotary unions                                            21,550   Owned         Products
Arden, Denmark                        Project construction                                     19,500   Leased        Solutions
Velbert, Germany                      Hoists                                                   12,800   Leased        Products
Szekesfeher, Hungary                  Textiles and textile strappings                          10,000   Leased        Products
</TABLE>

     In addition, we have a total of 35 sales offices,  distribution centers and
warehouses. We believe that our properties have been adequately maintained,  are
in  generally  good  condition  and are  suitable  for our business as presently
conducted. We also believe our existing facilities provide sufficient production
capacity for our present needs and for our anticipated  needs in the foreseeable
future.  Upon the  expiration of our current  leases,  we believe that either we
will be able to  secure  renewal  terms or enter  into  leases  for  alternative
locations at market terms.


ITEM 3.           LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     From time to time, we are named a defendant in legal actions arising out of
the  normal  course  of  business.  We are  not a  party  to any  pending  legal
proceeding other than ordinary,  routine litigation  incidental to our business.
We do not believe that any of our pending litigation will have a material impact
on our business.  We maintain  comprehensive general liability insurance against
risks  arising  out of the normal  course of business  through our  wholly-owned
insurance  subsidiary of which we are the sole policy holder. The limits of this
coverage are currently $3.0 million per occurrence  ($2.0 million  through March
31, 2003) and $6.0 million  aggregate  ($5.0 million through March 31, 2003) per
year. We obtain additional insurance coverage from independent insurers to cover
potential losses in excess of these limits.

ITEM 4.           SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None.


                                       17
<PAGE>


                                     PART II
                                     -------


ITEM 5.           MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SECURITY
                  HOLDER MATTERS

     Our common  stock is traded on the  Nasdaq  Stock  Market  under the symbol
"CMCO."  As of May 31,  2006,  there  were 488  holders  of record of our common
stock.

     We paid  quarterly cash dividends on our common stock from 1988 through the
second  quarter of fiscal  2002.  In January  2002,  we  announced  that we were
indefinitely  suspending  the payment of cash  dividends  on our common stock in
order  to  dedicate  our  cash   resources  to  the  repayment  of   outstanding
indebtedness. Our current credit agreement allows, but limits our ability to pay
dividends.  We may reconsider or revise this policy from time to time based upon
conditions then existing, including, without limitation, our earnings, financial
condition,  capital requirements,  restrictions under credit agreements or other
conditions our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

     The following table sets forth, for the fiscal periods indicated,  the high
and low sale  prices per share for our common  stock as  reported  on the Nasdaq
Stock Market.

                                                          PRICE RANGE OF
                                                           COMMON STOCK
                                                           ------------
                                                         HIGH         LOW
                                                         ----         ---
YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004
     First Quarter................................. $     2.72   $    1.30
     Second Quarter................................       4.84        2.31
     Third Quarter.................................       7.80        4.58
        Fourth Quarter.............................      11.72        6.35

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005
     First Quarter................................. $     8.62   $    4.87
     Second Quarter................................       9.81        6.69
        Third Quarter..............................       9.38        6.80
     Fourth Quarter................................      14.31        8.20

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006
     First Quarter................................. $    13.82   $    8.35
     Second Quarter................................      25.15       10.70
        Third Quarter..............................      26.00       18.64
     Fourth Quarter................................      28.64       20.86


     On May 31, 2006,  the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock
Market was $26.30 per share.


                                       18
<PAGE>


ITEM 6.           SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The  consolidated  balance  sheets  as of March  31,  2006 and 2005 and the
related  statements of operations,  cash flows and shareholders'  equity for the
three  years ended March 31, 2006 and notes  thereto  appear  elsewhere  in this
annual report. The selected  consolidated  financial data presented below should
be  read  in   conjunction   with,  and  are  qualified  in  their  entirety  by
"Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of Results of  Operations  and Financial
Condition,"  our  consolidated  financial  statements  and the notes thereto and
other financial information included elsewhere in this annual report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                       FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            2006        2005        2004        2003         2002
                                                         -----------  ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------
                                                               (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
   STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA (1):
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>           <C>
   Net sales                                           $     556.0  $   514.8  $    444.6  $     453.3   $     480.0
   Cost of products sold                                     408.4      388.9       339.8        346.0         359.5
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
   Gross profit                                              147.6      125.9       104.8        107.3         120.5
   Selling expenses                                           54.3       52.3        48.3         47.4          43.5
   General and administrative expenses                        33.6       31.7        25.0         26.6          28.3
   Restructuring charges (2)                                   1.6        0.9         1.2          3.7           9.6
   Write-off/amortization of intangibles (3)                   0.2        0.3         0.4          4.2          11.0
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
   Income from operations                                     57.9       40.7        29.9         25.4          28.1
   Interest and debt expense                                  24.7       27.6        28.9         32.0          29.4
   Other (income) and expense, net                             5.0       (5.2)       (4.2)        (2.1)          2.4
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
   Income (loss) before income taxes                          28.2       18.3         5.2         (4.5)         (3.7)
   Income tax (benefit) expense                              (30.9)       2.2         4.0          1.5           2.3
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
   Income (loss) from continuing operations                   59.1       16.1         1.2         (6.0)         (6.0)
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations (1)              0.7        0.6          --           --          (7.9)
   Loss on disposition of discontinued operations (1)           --         --          --           --        (121.4)
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
   Total income (loss) from discontinued operations           59.8        0.6          --           --        (129.3)
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle (3)                                               --         --          --         (8.0)           --
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
   Net income (loss)                                   $      59.8  $    16.7  $      1.2  $     (14.0)  $    (135.3)
                                                       =============================================================
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing   $      3.56  $    1.09  $     0.08  $     (0.42)  $     (0.41)
    operations
   Basic earnings (loss) per share from continuing
    operations                                         $      3.69  $    1.10  $     0.08  $     (0.42)  $     (0.41)
   Weighted average shares outstanding - assuming
    dilution                                                  16.6       14.8        14.6         14.5          14.4
   Weighted average shares outstanding - basic                16.1       14.6        14.6         14.5          14.4

BALANCE SHEET DATA (AT END OF PERIOD):
   Total assets (4)                                    $     566.0  $   480.9  $    473.4  $     482.6   $     524.3
   Total debt (5)                                            209.8      270.9       293.4        316.3         350.4
   Total shareholders' equity                                204.4       81.8        63.0         52.7          71.6

OTHER FINANCIAL DATA:
   Net cash provided by operating activities                  48.5       17.2        26.4         14.2          49.8
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities        (6.4)       3.1         4.3         16.0          (1.6)
  Net cash used in financing activities                       (6.4)     (21.9)      (21.5)       (41.9)        (48.5)
   Capital expenditures                                        8.4        5.9         3.6          5.0           4.7
   Cash dividends per common share                            0.00       0.00        0.00         0.00          0.14

- -------------


                                       19
<PAGE>

     (1)  Statement of Operations data represents our continuing  operations for
          all periods presented and has been restated to remove ASI results from
          the  continuing  operations  data.  In  May  2002,  the  Company  sold
          substantially   all  of  the  assets  of  ASI.  The  Company  received
          $20,600,000  in cash  and an 8%  subordinated  note  in the  principal
          amount of  $6,800,000  which is  payable  over 10 years  beginning  in
          August 2004. The full amount of this note has been reserved due to the
          uncertainty of collection. Principal payments received on the note are
          recorded  as  income  from  discontinued  operations  at the  time  of
          receipt.  All interest and principal  payments required under the note
          have been made to date.  The  Company  recorded an  after-tax  loss of
          $121,475,000  or  $8.43  per  diluted  share  and  reflected  ASI as a
          discontinued  operation in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2002. The loss
          included  closing costs from the transaction  and estimated  operating
          losses of the discontinued operation through the date of the sale, May
          10, 2002. The loss was due primarily to the write-off of  $104,000,000
          of goodwill and a  $17,475,000  loss  related to the  write-off of the
          remaining net assets in excess of the selling  price.  Refer to Note 3
          to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on
          Discontinued Operations.

     (2)  Refer to "Results of Operations" in "Item 7.  Management's  Discussion
          and Analysis of Results of Operation  and Financial  Condition"  for a
          discussion of the restructuring  charges related to fiscal 2006, 2005,
          and  2004.  Restructuring  charges  for  fiscal  2003  related  to the
          closure,  merging,  or significant  reorganization of five facilities.
          These  costs   included   $1.8  million  of   severance   relating  to
          approximately  215  employees,  $1.0  million  of  lease  termination,
          facility   wind-down,   preparation   for  sale  and   maintenance  of
          non-operating  facilities  prior  to  disposal  and $0.9  million  for
          facility  closure  costs on  projects  begun  in  2002.  Restructuring
          charges for 2002  include  exit costs of $2.4  million  for  severance
          relating to  approximately  250  employees  and $7.2  million of lease
          termination,  facility  wind-down,  and  maintenance of  non-operating
          facilities prior to disposal.  Included in the  restructuring  charges
          was  approximately   $8.3  million  to  terminate  a  facility  lease,
          resulting in the purchase of the property with an estimated fair value
          of  approximately  $2.3 million which was recorded as an offset to the
          restructuring charges.

     (3)  As a result  of our  adoption  of SFAS 142  effective  April 1,  2002,
          goodwill is no longer amortized.  The charge in fiscal 2003 represents
          a $4.0  million  impairment  write-off.  In addition,  the  cumulative
          effect of change in  accounting  principle  represents  the  impact of
          adopting SFAS 142.

     (4)  Total assets  include net assets of  discontinued  operations of $21.5
          million as of March 31, 2002.

     (5)  Total debt includes  long-term  debt,  including the current  portion,
          notes payable and subordinated debt.
</TABLE>


ITEM 7.           MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                  AND FINANCIAL CONDITION

     This section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated  financial
statements included elsewhere in this annual report.  Comments on the results of
operations and financial  condition  below refer to our  continuing  operations,
except in the section entitled "Discontinued Operations."

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

     We are a leading  manufacturer  and  marketer  of  hoists,  cranes,  chain,
conveyors,  material handling systems, lift tables and component parts serving a
wide variety of commercial and  industrial  end-user  markets.  Our products are
used to efficiently and ergonomically move, lift, position or secure objects and
loads.  Our  Products  segment  sells a wide  variety  of powered  and  manually
operated wire rope and chain hoists,  industrial crane systems, chain, hooks and
attachments,  actuators  and  rotary  unions.  Our  Solutions  segment  designs,
manufactures,  and installs  application-specific  material handling systems and
solutions for end-users to improve workstation and facility-wide work flow.

     Founded in 1875, we have grown to our current  leadership  position through
organic  growth and also as the result of the 14 businesses we acquired  between
February 1994 and April 1999. We have developed our leading market position over
our 131-year  history by  emphasizing  technological  innovation,  manufacturing
excellence  and  superior  after-sale  service.  In addition,  the  acquisitions
significantly  broadened  our  product  lines  and  services  and  expanded  our
geographic  reach,  end-user  markets  and  customer  base.  Integration  of the
operations of the acquired businesses with our previously existing businesses is
substantially  complete.   Ongoing  integration  of  these  businesses  includes
improving our productivity,  further reducing our excess manufacturing  capacity
and extending our sales  activities to the European and Asian  marketplaces.  We
are executing those initiatives through our Lean Manufacturing efforts, facility
rationalization  program, new product development and expanded sales activities.
Shareholder value will be enhanced through continued emphasis on the improvement
of  the  fundamentals  including  manufacturing  efficiency,  cost  containment,
efficient capital investment, market expansion and renewed customer focus.

                                       20
<PAGE>

     We maintain a strong domestic market share with  significant  leading North
American  market  positions  in  hoists,  lifting  and sling  chain,  and forged
attachments.  To broaden our product  offering in markets where we have a strong
competitive  position as well as to facilitate  penetration  into new geographic
markets,  we  have  heightened  our new  product  development  activities.  This
includes development of hoist lines in accordance with international  standards,
to complement our current offering of hoist products designed in accordance with
U.S.  standards.  To further expand our global sales, we are introducing certain
of our products that  historically  have been  distributed only in North America
and also  introducing new products  through our existing  European  distribution
network. Furthermore, we are working to build a distribution network in China to
capture an  anticipated  growing demand for material  handling  products as that
economy continues to industrialize.  These investments in international  markets
and new products are part of our focus on our greatest opportunities for growth.
International  sales  increased  3.7% from  approximately  $191,300  to $198,300
during  fiscal 2006 and overall sales  increased  8.0% over the same period last
year.  Management  believes  that the growth rate of total sales may moderate in
future periods due to more difficult  comparisons  with our fiscal 2006 periods.
We monitor such indicators as U.S.  Industrial Capacity  Utilization,  which has
been  increasing  since July 2003.  In  addition,  we  continue  to monitor  the
potential impact of global and domestic  trends,  including rising energy costs,
steel price fluctuations, rising interest rates and uncertainty in some end-user
markets around the globe.

     Our Lean Manufacturing efforts are fundamentally changing our manufacturing
processes  to be more  responsive  to  customer  demand  and  improving  on-time
delivery and productivity.  From 2001 to 2004 under our facility rationalization
program, we closed 13 facilities and consolidated  several product lines. During
fiscal 2006,  certain  families  within our mechanical jack line were eliminated
and several  smaller sales offices were closed with  potential  opportunity  for
further  rationalization.  We also continue to undergo  assessments for possible
divestiture of several less-strategic  businesses. Our manipulator and specialty
marine  chain  businesses  were sold in  fiscal  2004 and two  others  remain as
possible  divestiture  candidates,  our  conveyor  business  which  comprises  a
majority of our  Solutions  segment and a specialty  crane  business  within our
Products  segment.  During  fiscal  2006,  we  completed  the sale  and  partial
leaseback of warehouse in Ontario,  Canada at a $0.6 million gain as well as the
sale of an unused parcel of land in Charlotte,  North Carolina.  Fiscal 2005 saw
the  completion  of the  sale of a  Chicago-area  property  resulting  in a $2.7
million gain and the sale and partial  leaseback of our  corporate  headquarters
building in Amherst,  New York at a $2.2 million gain, of which $1.0 million was
recorded in fiscal 2005 and the remainder is being recognized  pro-rata over the
life of the 10-year leaseback period.  Additionally during 2005, we sold a small
parcel  of land in  Virginia.  We will  continue  to sell  surplus  real  estate
resulting from our facility  rationalization projects and those sales may result
in gains or losses.

     Consistent  with most  companies,  over the past several years we have been
facing  significantly  increased  costs  for  fringe  benefits  such  as  health
insurance,  workers compensation insurance and pension. Combined, those benefits
cost us over $35 million in fiscal 2006 and we work  diligently  to balance cost
control with the need to provide competitive  employee benefits packages for our
associates.  Another cost area of focus is steel. We utilize  approximately  $35
million to $40 million of steel  annually in a variety of forms  including  rod,
wire, bar,  structural and others.  With increases in worldwide demand for steel
and  fluctuating  scrap steel prices,  we experienced  fluctuations in our costs
that we reflected as price increases and surcharges to our customers. We believe
we have been successful in instituting surcharges and price increases to pass on
these  material  cost  increases.  We will  continue  to  monitor  our costs and
reevaluate our pricing policies.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Net sales of our Products and  Solutions  segments,  in millions of dollars
and with percentage changes for each segment, were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            CHANGE                  CHANGE
                                  FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,           2006 VS. 2005          2005 VS. 2004
                                  ----------------------------           -------------          -------------
                                  2006         2005        2004         AMOUNT       %         AMOUNT        %
                                  ----         ----        ----         ------       -         ------        -

<S>                              <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>      <C>           <C>
Products segment.............    $  493.9     $  453.1    $  394.2     $    40.8     9.0      $    58.9     14.9
Solutions segment............        62.1         61.7        50.4           0.4     0.6           11.3     22.4
                                 --------     --------    --------     ---------  ------      ---------   ------
     Total net sales.........    $  556.0     $  514.8    $  444.6     $    41.2     8.0      $    70.2     15.8
                                 ========     ========    ========     =========              =========

</TABLE>

                                       21
<PAGE>


     Fiscal 2006 saw continued  improvement  in the  industrial  sector of North
America and Europe  which began in fiscal 2005  compared to the  downturn in the
general  North  American and European  economies and the  industrial  sectors in
particular  that had been  occurring  through  fiscal 2004.  In addition,  sales
growth was fostered by the expansion of international selling efforts. Net sales
for fiscal 2006 of $556.0  increased by $41.2  million or 8.0% from fiscal 2005,
and net sales for fiscal 2005 of $514.8 million  increased by $70.2 million,  or
15.8%,  from fiscal 2004. The Products segment for fiscal 2006 experienced a net
sales  increase  of  9.0%  over  the  prior  year.  The  increase  was  due to a
combination  of increased  volume on the continued  growth of the North American
industrial  economy as well as price  increases  ($17.8  million).  The Products
segment for fiscal 2005 experienced a net sales increase of 14.9% over the prior
year.  The  increase  was due to a  combination  of  higher  volume as the North
American industrial economy recovered as well as price increases ($19.7 million)
including surcharges specifically in response to rising steel costs. Fiscal 2005
was  impacted  by the  weakening  U.S.  dollar  relative  to  other  currencies,
particularly  the euro,  and  reported  Products  segment  sales were  favorably
affected by $6.2 million.  For fiscal 2006, our Solutions segment net sales were
flat as increased volume was offset by the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to
the Danish Krone resulting in an unfavorable impact of $0.9 million.  For fiscal
2005, our Solutions  segment net sales  increased 22.4% as a result of increased
volume in Europe at our conveyor business.

     Gross profit of the Products and Solutions segments, in millions of dollars
and as a percentage of total segment net sales, was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2006                 2005                2004
                                      ----                 ----                ----
                                  AMOUNT       %       AMOUNT       %       AMOUNT     %
                                  ------       -       ------       -       ------     -

<S>                             <C>          <C>     <C>          <C>     <C>        <C>
Products segment............    $   138.1    28.0    $   117.1    25.8    $   99.2   25.2
Solutions segment...........          9.5    15.3          8.8    14.3         5.6   11.1
                                ---------    ----    ---------    ----    --------   ----
     Total gross profit.....    $   147.6    26.5    $   125.9    24.5    $  104.8   23.6
                                =========            =========            ========
</TABLE>

     Our gross  profit  margins  were  approximately  26.5%,  24.5% and 23.6% in
fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004,  respectively.  The Products segment for fiscal 2006
and  fiscal  2005  continues  to see  improved  gross  margins  as a  result  of
operational leverage at increased volumes from the prior years and the impact of
previous facility  rationalization  projects and lean manufacturing  activities.
The  Solutions  segment's  gross  profit  margins  increased in Fiscal 2006 as a
result of a shift in  product  mix at our  European  conveyor  business  to more
internally  developed  product costs from resale  products,  increased volume at
certain  facilities,  and  some  rationalization  cost  savings.  The  Solutions
segment's  gross  profit  margins  increased  in Fiscal  2005 as a result of the
recovery of European markets which led to increased volume for one division,  as
well as the divestiture of a poor performing,  non-strategic business at the end
of fiscal 2004.

     Selling  expenses  were $54.3  million,  $52.3 million and $48.3 million in
fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.  As a percentage of net sales, selling
expenses were 9.8%, 10.2% and 10.9% in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.
The fiscal 2006 increase includes additional salaries ($1.2 million),  increased
advertising,  marketing,  warehousing and travel ($1.3 million),  and new market
costs  ($0.4  million)  offset by a decrease  in  foreign  pension  costs  ($0.4
million) and lower  commission  expense ($0.8  million).  Fiscal 2005 includes a
$1.2 million  increase  resulting from the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative
to  foreign  currencies,  particularly  the euro,  upon  translation  of foreign
operating  results into U.S.  dollars for reporting  purposes.  Fiscal 2005 also
includes  increases related to variable costs associated with the increase sales
volume, mainly commissions ($1.3 million), increased foreign pension costs ($0.5
million) and increased investments in international markets ($0.5 million).

     General and administrative  expenses were $33.6 million,  $31.7 million and
$25.0 million in fiscal 2006,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  As a percentage of
net sales,  general  and  administrative  expenses  were 6.1%,  6.2% and 5.6% in
fiscal 2006,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  The Fiscal 2006  increase  includes
increases in salaries/personnel  including variable compensation ($3.0 million),
employee  development/professional  fees ($0.7 million), offset by lower foreign
pension costs ($1.0  million),  decreased  external  Sarbanes-Oxley  Section 404
savings ($0.9  million) and currency  translation  ($0.2  million).  Fiscal 2005
increases  include  variable  compensation  ($2.3  million),   compliance  costs
associated  with  Sarbanes-Oxley  Section  404  implementation  ($1.4  million),
increasing  foreign  pension  costs  ($1.2  million),   translation  of  foreign
currencies into the weaker U.S. dollar for reporting purposes ($0.7 million) and
increases in bad debt reserves  based on increased  accounts  receivable  levels
($0.5 million).

     Restructuring  charges of $1.6 million,  $0.9 million and $1.2 million,  or
0.3%,  0.2% and 0.3% of net sales in fiscal 2006,  2005 and 2004,  respectively,
were  primarily  attributable  to the  ongoing  organizational  rationalizations
occurring at the company. The fiscal 2006 charges consist of the cost of removal
of  certain  environmentally  hazardous  materials  ($0.6  million),   inventory
disposal costs related to the rationalization of certain product families within
our mechanical jack lines ($0.4  million),  the ongoing  maintenance  costs of a

                                       22
<PAGE>

non-operating facility accrued based on anticipated sale date ($0.3 million) and
other  facility   rationalization  projects  ($0.3  million).  The  fiscal  2005
restructuring  charges  consist  of $0.5  million of costs  related to  facility
rationalizations  being  expensed  on an as  incurred  basis as a result  of the
project  timing being  subsequent  to the adoption of SFAS No. 144.  Fiscal 2005
also  included  $0.3  million of  write-down  on the net  realizable  value of a
facility based on changes in market  conditions  and a  reassessment  of its net
realizable value. During fiscal 2004, we recorded  restructuring charges of $1.2
million related to various employee termination benefits and facility costs as a
result of our continued  closure,  merging and  reorganization and completion of
two open projects from fiscal 2003.  The remaining  liability of as of March 31,
2006  relates  to the  accrued  costs  for the  removal  of the  environmentally
hazardous  materials  ($0.5  million)  and the  ongoing  maintenance  costs of a
non-operating facility ($0.3 million).

     Write-off/amortization  of intangibles  was $0.2 million,  $0.3 million and
$0.4 million in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

     Interest  and debt  expense  was $24.7  million,  $27.6  million  and $28.9
million in fiscal 2006,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  As a  percentage  of net
sales,  interest and debt expense was 4.4%,  5.4% and 6.5% in fiscal 2006,  2005
and 2004,  respectively.  The fiscal 2006 and 2005 decreases  primarily resulted
from lower debt levels as we continue to execute our strategy of debt  reduction
and increasing our financial flexibility.

     Other (income) and expense, net was $5.0 million, ($5.2) million and ($4.2)
million in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004,  respectively.  Fiscal 2006 includes $9.2
million of redemption costs associated with the repurchase of outstanding senior
secured and senior  subordinated  notes,  offset by $3.1 million from investment
and interest income and $0.8 million of gains from sales of real estate.  Fiscal
2005 includes $3.7 million in gains from sales of real estate, $2.1 million from
investment and interest income, offset by $0.3 million of additional losses from
2004 business divestitures. The income in fiscal 2004 included $5.7 million from
asset sales and $1.9 million from an interest rate swap partially offset by $3.9
million of losses upon business divestitures.

     Income  taxes as a  percentage  of  income  before  income  taxes  were not
reflective  of U.S  statutory  rates in fiscal  2006,  2005 or 2004. A valuation
allowance of $50.5 million  existed at March 31, 2005 due to the  uncertainly of
whether our U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs"), deferred tax
assets and capital loss carryforwards might ultimately be realized.  We utilized
$14.9  million of the U.S.  federal NOLs in fiscal 2006  reducing the  valuation
allowance by $5.2 million.  As a result of our increased  operating  performance
over the past several  years,  we  reevaluated  the  certainty as to whether our
remaining  U.S.  federal NOLs and other  deferred tax assets may  ultimately  be
realized.  As a result of the determination that it is more likely than not that
nearly all of the remaining deferred tax assets will be realized,  $38.6 million
of the  remaining  valuation  allowance  was reversed as of March 31, 2006.  The
fiscal  2005  effective  tax rate varies due to the  benefit  received  from the
utilization  of the domestic net operating  loss  carry-forwards  that had fully
reserved  and  jurisdictional  mix.  Income tax expense  primarily  results from
non-U.S.  taxable income and state taxes on U.S. taxable income. The fiscal 2004
effective tax rate varies due to jurisdictional  mix and the existence of losses
at certain subsidiaries for which no benefit was recorded.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     In March 2006, we amended and expanded our revolving credit  facility.  The
Revolving Credit Facility currently provides availability up to a maximum of $75
million with an opportunity for expansion up to $125 million. At March 31, 2006,
the unused Revolving  Credit Facility totaled $64.8 million,  net of outstanding
borrowings of $0.0 million and  outstanding  letters of credit of $10.2 million.
Interest on the revolver is payable at varying  Eurodollar  rates based on LIBOR
or prime plus a spread  determined by our leverage  ratio  amounting to 100 or 0
basis points, respectively,  at March 31, 2006. The Revolving Credit Facility is
secured  by all  domestic  inventory,  receivables,  equipment,  real  property,
subsidiary  stock  (limited to 65% for foreign  subsidiaries)  and  intellectual
property.

     In November  2005,  we registered  an  additional  3,350,000  shares of our
common stock which were sold at $20.00 per share.  The number of shares  offered
by us was  3,000,000 and 350,000 were offered by a selling  shareholder.  We did
not receive  any  proceeds  from the sale of shares by the selling  shareholder.
This stock offering  increased our weighted average common stock  outstanding by
1.8  million  for the year  ended  March 31,  2006.  A portion  of the  proceeds
received by us were used to redeem  $47.6  million of 10% Senior  Secured  Notes
(10% Notes).  The repurchase of the 10% Notes occurred at a premium resulting in
a pre-tax loss on early  extinguishment of debt of $4.8 million.  As a result of
the  repurchase  of the 10% Notes,  $1.1 million of pre-tax  deferred  financing
costs were  written-off.  The net effect of these items, a $5.9 million  pre-tax
loss in fiscal 2006,  is shown as part of other  (income) and expense,  net. The
balance of the proceeds is available  for other  general  corporate  purposes to
advance our strategy of global  growth,  including  additional  debt  repayment,
investments and acquisitions.


                                       23
<PAGE>


     In September  2005,  we issued $136  million of 8 7/8% Senior  Subordinated
Notes (8 7/8% Notes) due  November 1, 2013.  Proceeds  from the 8 7/8% Notes and
cash on hand  were  used to  repurchase  all of the  outstanding  8 1/2%  Senior
Subordinated  Notes (8 1/2% Notes).  The repurchase of the 8 1/2% Notes occurred
at a premium resulting in a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of debt of $2.3
million.  As a result of the  repurchase  of the 8 1/2% Notes,  $0.9  million of
pre-tax deferred financing costs and $0.1 million of the original issue discount
were written-off.  The net effect of these items, a $3.3 million pre-tax loss in
fiscal 2006, is shown as part of other (income) and expense,  net. Provisions of
the 8 7/8% Notes include,  without  limitation,  restrictions  on  indebtedness,
asset sales,  and dividends and other  restricted  payments.  Until  November 1,
2008, we may redeem up to 35% of the outstanding  notes at a redemption price of
108.875% with the proceeds of equity offerings, subject to certain restrictions.
The 8 7/8% Notes are  redeemable  at the  option of us, in whole or in part,  at
prices  declining  annually from the Make-Whole  Price (as defined in the 8 7/8%
Notes agreement) to 100% on and after November 1, 2011. In the event of a Change
of Control (as defined in the  indenture  for such notes),  each holder of the 8
7/8% Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of such holder's 8 7/8%
Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal  amount thereof.  The 8
7/8% Notes are guaranteed by certain  existing and future domestic  subsidiaries
and are not subject to any sinking fund requirements.

     In July 2003,  we issued  $115.0  million of 10% Senior  Secured  Notes due
August 1, 2010 of which $67.8  million  remain  outstanding  at March 31,  2006.
During  April and May of 2006,  the  Company  repurchased  an  additional  $32.1
million of the  outstanding  10% Senior Secured Notes,  resulting in a remaining
balance of $35.7 million. The proceeds from the 10% Notes offering were used for
the  repayment in full of a then  outstanding  Senior  Second  Secured Term Loan
($66.8 million),  the repurchase of $35.7 million of Senior  Subordinated 8 1/2%
Notes  at a  discount  ($30.1  million),  the  repayment  of a  portion  of  the
outstanding  Revolving  Credit  Facility  ($10.0  million),  the  repayment of a
portion of the Term Loan ($3.9  million),  the payment of financing  costs ($2.8
million) and the payment of accrued  interest ($1.4 million).  Provisions of the
10% Notes include,  without  limitation,  restrictions  on liens,  indebtedness,
asset sales,  and dividends  and other  restricted  payments.  The 10% Notes are
redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at prices declining annually from
the Make-Whole  Price (as defined in the Indenture for the Notes).  In the event
of a Change of Control (as defined), each holder of the 10% Notes may require us
to repurchase  all or a portion of such  holder's 10% Notes at a purchase  price
equal to 101% of the principal  amount thereof.  The 10% Notes are guaranteed by
certain  existing and future  domestic  subsidiaries  and are not subject to any
sinking  fund  requirements.  The 10% Notes are also  secured,  in a second lien
position,  by all domestic  inventory,  receivables,  equipment,  real property,
subsidiary  stock  (limited to 65% for foreign  subsidiaries)  and  intellectual
property.

     The  redemption  in fiscal  2004 of the 8 1/2%  Senior  Subordinated  Notes
occurred  at a  discount  resulting  in a $5.6  million  pre-tax  gain on  early
extinguishment  of debt.  As a result  of the  repayment  of the  Senior  Second
Secured Term Loan and a portion of the Term Loan and 8 1/2% Senior  Subordinated
Notes,  $4.9 million of pre-tax  deferred  financing  costs were  written-off in
fiscal 2004. The net effect of these two items, a $0.7 million  pre-tax gain, is
shown as part of other (income) and expense, net.

     The  corresponding  credit  agreement  associated with the Revolving Credit
Facility  places certain debt covenant  restrictions  on us,  including  certain
financial  requirements  and a restriction on dividend  payments,  with which we
were in compliance as of March 31, 2006.

     From time to time,  we manage our debt  portfolio  by using  interest  rate
swaps to achieve an overall  desired  position of fixed and floating  rates.  In
June 2001,  we entered  into an  interest  rate swap  agreement  to  effectively
convert $40 million of  variable-rate  debt to fixed-rate debt, which matured in
June 2003. That cash flow hedge was considered effective and the gain or loss on
the change in fair value was reported in other comprehensive income, net of tax.
In August 2003, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert $93.5
million of fixed-rate debt (10%) to  variable-rate  debt (LIBOR plus 578.2 basis
points)  through  August 2008 and $57.5 million from August 2008 through  August
2010 at the same rate.  That  interest rate swap was  considered an  ineffective
hedge and therefore the change in fair value was recognized in income as a gain.
The swap was  terminated  in January 2004 and a pre-tax gain of $1.9 million was
recognized  in fiscal  2004 as other  income,  net as a result of changes in the
fair value of the swap.

     We believe that our cash on hand, cash flows, and borrowing  capacity under
our Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our ongoing  operations
and budgeted  capital  expenditures  for at least the next twelve  months.  This
belief is  dependent  upon a steady  economy  and  successful  execution  of our
current  business plan which includes cash  generation for debt  repayment.  The
business  plan  focuses  on  continued  implementation  of  lean  manufacturing,
possible facility  rationalization  projects,  divestiture of excess facilities,
improving working capital components,  including inventory  reductions,  and new
market and new product development.

     Net cash provided by operating activities was $48.5 million,  $17.2 million
and $26.4 million in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The $31.3 million
increase in fiscal 2006  relative to fiscal 2005 was  primarily  due to stronger
operating  performance  in fiscal  2006 ($19.9  million)  and  improved  working
capital  components  ($11.4  million).  The working  capital  changes  come from


                                       24
<PAGE>

favorable  changes in inventory  ($9.3  million),  accounts  payable and accrued
liabilities  ($9.9  million),  offset by  unfavorable  changes in prepaids ($3.8
million) and accounts  receivables ($4.1 million).  The $9.2 million decrease in
fiscal  2005  relative to fiscal 2004 was  primarily  due to stronger  operating
performance in fiscal 2005 ($4.0 million)  offset by changes in working  capital
components  ($13.2  million).  The working  capital  changes come from favorable
changes  in  prepaids/other   ($3.3  million),   accounts  payable  and  accrued
liabilities  ($6.7  million),  offset by  unfavorable  changes  in and  accounts
receivables ($8.0 million) and inventory ($15.2 million).

     Net cash (used) provided by investing  activities was ($6.4) million,  $3.1
million and $4.3 million in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The fiscal
2006 change in cash (used)  provided by  investing  activities  is the result of
increased  capital  expenditures and lower proceeds from asset sales. The fiscal
2005 change in cash (used)  provided by investing  activities  is primarily  the
result of increased capital expenditures. The fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 amounts
included  $2.1  million,  $7.1  million  and $7.8  million,  respectively,  from
business and property divestitures.

     Net cash used in financing  activities was $6.4 million,  $21.9 million and
$21.5  million in fiscal  2006,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  The decrease for
fiscal 2006 was the result of $56.6  million of proceeds  from the November 2005
stock offering and $7.0 million from the exercise of employee stock options. The
fiscal 2006,  2005 and 2004 amounts  included $67.8  million,  $22.9 million and
$17.7  million of debt  repayment,  respectively.  We also paid $2.8 million and
$4.4 million of financing costs in fiscal 2006 and 2004, respectively, to effect
the capital transactions previously described.


CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

     The following  table reflects a summary of our  contractual  obligations in
millions of dollars as of March 31, 2006, by period of estimated payments due:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                      FISCAL      FISCAL 2008-     FISCAL 2010-     MORE THAN
                                        TOTAL          2007        FISCAL 2009     FISCAL 2011     FIVE YEARS
                                        -----          ----        -----------     -----------     ----------
<S>                                    <C>            <C>           <C>              <C>             <C>
Long-term debt obligations (a).        $  204.0       $  0.1        $   0.2          $   67.4        $ 136.3
Operating lease obligations (b)            13.3          3.4            5.6               3.5            0.8
Purchase obligations (c) ......              --           --             --                --             --
Interest obligations (d).......           119.8         18.8           37.6              32.2           31.2
Letter of credit obligations...            10.2         10.2             --                --             --
Other    long-term     liabilities
reflected    on   the    Company's
balance sheet under GAAP (e)...            50.7          0.0           29.0              20.0            1.7
                                       --------       ------        -------          --------        -------
     Total.....................        $  398.0       $ 32.5        $  72.4          $  123.1        $ 170.0
                                       ========       ======        =======          ========        =======

     (a)  As described in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
     (b)  As described in note 18 to our consolidated financial statements.
     (c)  We have no purchase obligations specifying fixed or minimum quantities
          to be purchased.  We estimate  that,  at any given point in time,  our
          open  purchase  orders to be executed in the normal course of business
          approximate $40 million.
     (d)  Estimated  for  our  Senior   Secured  Notes  due  8/1/10  and  Senior
          Subordinated  Notes due  11/1/13.
     (e)  As described in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

We have no  additional  off-balance  sheet  obligations  that are not  reflected
above.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

     In  addition  to  keeping  our  current   equipment  and  plants   properly
maintained, we are committed to replacing, enhancing and upgrading our property,
plant and equipment to support new product development, reduce production costs,
increase  flexibility to respond effectively to market fluctuations and changes,
meet  environmental  requirements,  enhance  safety  and  promote  ergonomically
correct work stations.  Further, our facility  rationalization  program underway
between fiscal 2002-2004 reduced our annual capital expenditure requirements and
also provided for  transfers of equipment  from the  rationalized  facilities to
other operating  facilities.  Our capital expenditures for fiscal 2006, 2005 and
2004 were $8.4  million,  $5.9 million and $3.6  million,  respectively.  Higher
capital  expenditures  in fiscal  2006 and 2005 were the  result of new  product
development and productivity  enhancing  equipment along with normal maintenance
items. We expect capital expenditure  spending in fiscal 2007 to be in the range
of $8-$10 million.

                                       25
<PAGE>

INFLATION AND OTHER MARKET CONDITIONS

     Our costs are affected by  inflation  in the U.S.  economy and, to a lesser
extent, in foreign economies including those of Europe,  Canada,  Mexico and the
Pacific Rim. We do not believe that general  inflation has had a material effect
on our results of operations over the periods presented primarily due to overall
low  inflation  levels over such  periods and our ability to  generally  pass on
rising costs through annual price  increases and surcharges.  However,  employee
benefits  costs  such  as  health  insurance,  workers  compensation  insurance,
pensions  as well  as  energy  and  business  insurance  have  exceeded  general
inflation levels. In the future, we may be further affected by inflation that we
may not be able to pass on as price increases.  With changes in worldwide demand
for steel and  fluctuating  scrap steel prices over the past several  years,  we
experienced  fluctuations in our costs that we have reflected as price increases
and  surcharges  to our  customers.  We  believe  we  have  been  successful  in
instituting  surcharges  and  price  increases  to pass on these  material  cost
increases.  We will  continue  to monitor our costs and  reevaluate  our pricing
policies.

SEASONALITY AND QUARTERLY RESULTS

     Our  quarterly  results may be  materially  affected by the timing of large
customer   orders,   periods  of  high  vacation  and  holiday   concentrations,
restructuring   charges   and  other   costs   attributable   to  our   facility
rationalization  program,  divestitures,   acquisitions  and  the  magnitude  of
rationalization  integration  costs.  Therefore,  our operating  results for any
particular  fiscal  quarter are not  necessarily  indicative  of results for any
subsequent fiscal quarter or for the full fiscal year.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     In May 2002,  we completed  the  divestiture  of  substantially  all of the
assets  of ASI  which  comprised  the  principal  business  unit  in our  former
Solutions - Automotive  segment.  Proceeds from this sale included cash of $15.9
million and an 8%  subordinated  note in the  principal  amount of $6.8  million
payable  over  10  years.  Due  to the  uncertainty  surrounding  the  financial
viability of the new  organization,  the note has been recorded at the estimated
net realizable value of $0. Principal payments received on the note are recorded
as income from discontinued operations at the time of receipt. Accordingly, $0.7
million of income from discontinued  operations was recorded in fiscal 2006. All
interest and principal payments required under the note have been made to date.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

     The preparation of financial  statements in conformity with U.S.  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires us to make estimates and  assumptions
that affect the amounts  reported in our consolidated  financial  statements and
accompanying  notes. We continually  evaluate the estimates and their underlying
assumptions,  which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value
of our assets and liabilities.  Actual results inevitably will differ from those
estimates.  We have identified below the accounting policies involving estimates
that are critical to our financial  statements.  Other  accounting  policies are
more  fully  described  in  note  2  of  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial
statements.

     PENSION  AND  OTHER  POSTRETIREMENT   BENEFITS.The   determination  of  the
obligations and expense for pension and postretirement  benefits is dependent on
our selection of certain  assumptions  that are used by actuaries in calculating
such amounts.  Those assumptions are disclosed in Notes 11 and 13, respectively,
to our fiscal 2006  consolidated  financial  statements and include the discount
rates,  expected  long-term  rate of return on plan  assets  and rates of future
increases in compensation and healthcare costs.

     The pension discount rate assumptions of 5 3/4%, 6%, 6 1/4% as of March 31,
2006,  2005 and 2004,  respectively,  are based on  long-term  bond  rates.  The
decrease in discount rates for fiscal 2006 and 2005 resulted in $3.9 million and
$3.0 million increases in the projected benefit obligations as of March 31, 2006
and 2005, respectively. The rate of return on plan assets assumptions of 7 1/2%,
8 1/4% and 8.4% for the years ended March 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively,
are based on the composition of the asset portfolios (approximately 56% equities
and 44% fixed income at March 31, 2006) and their long-term  historical returns.
The actual  assets  realized  gains of $6.8 and $5.5  million in fiscal 2006 and
2005.  Our funded  status as of March 31,  2006 and 2005 was  negative  by $33.9
million  and  $29.3  million,  or 25.3% and  24.3%,  respectively.  Our  pension
contributions  during  fiscal  2006 and 2005  were  approximately  $7.8 and $9.7
million,  respectively.  The negative funded status may result in future pension
expense  increases.  Pension  expense  for the March  31,  2007  fiscal  year is
expected to approximate $7.8 million, which is up from the fiscal 2006 amount of
$7.0  million.  The factors  outlined  above will result in increases in funding
requirements   over  time,   unless  there  is  continued   significant   market
appreciation in the asset values. However, pension funding contributions for the
March 31,  2007 fiscal year are  expected  to  decrease  by  approximately  $1.8
million compared to fiscal 2006. The compensation  increase  assumption of 4% as
of March 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 is based on historical trends.


                                       26
<PAGE>

     The healthcare inflation  assumptions of 9 3/4%, 10 1/2% and 12% for fiscal
2006, 2005 and 2004,  respectively are based on anticipated  trends.  Healthcare
costs in the United States have  increased  substantially  over the last several
years.  If this trend  continues,  the cost of  postretirement  healthcare  will
increase in future years.

     INSURANCE  RESERVES.  Our accrued general and product liability reserves as
described in Note 15 to our consolidated  financial statements involve actuarial
techniques  including  the methods  selected to estimate  ultimate  claims,  and
assumptions  including  emergence patterns,  payment patterns,  initial expected
losses and increased  limit factors.  Other  insurance  reserves such as workers
compensation  and group  health  insurance  are based on actual  historical  and
current  claim  data  provided  by  third  party  administrators  or  internally
maintained.

     INVENTORY  AND  ACCOUNTS  RECEIVABLE  RESERVES.  Slow-moving  and  obsolete
inventory reserves are judgmentally  determined based on historical and expected
future usage within a reasonable  timeframe.  We reassess  trends and usage on a
regular basis and if we identify  changes,  we revise our estimated  allowances.
Allowances for doubtful  accounts and credit memo reserves are also judgmentally
determined  based on  historical  bad debt  write-offs  and credit memos issued,
assessing potentially uncollectible customer accounts and analyzing the accounts
receivable agings.

     LONG-LIVED ASSETS.  Property,  plant and equipment and certain  intangibles
are depreciated or amortized over their assigned lives.  These assets as well as
goodwill are also periodically  measured for impairment.  The assigned lives and
the projected cash flows used to test impairment are subjective. If actual lives
are shorter than anticipated or if future cash flows are less than  anticipated,
we could  incur a future  impairment  charge or a loss on  disposal  relating to
these assets.

     MARKETABLE  SECURITIES.  On a  quarterly  basis,  we review our  marketable
securities  for  declines  in market  value  that may be  considered  other than
temporary.  We consider market value declines to be other than temporary if they
are  declines  for a period  longer  than six  months  and in  excess  of 20% of
original cost.

     DEFERRED TAX ASSET VALUATION ALLOWANCE.  As of March 31, 2006, we had $56.7
million  of total net  deferred  tax  assets  before  valuation  allowances.  As
described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements,  $29.1 million of
the assets pertain to U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards ("NOLs") and
the remainder  relate  principally to  liabilities  including  employee  benefit
plans,  insurance  reserves,  accrued  vacation and incentive  costs and also to
asset valuation  reserves such as inventory  obsolescence  reserves and bad debt
reserves.  The U.S.  federal  NOLs expire in 2023.  We reduced the  deferred tax
assets by $5.2  million as a result of  utilizing  U.S.  federal  NOLs in fiscal
2006. As a result of our increased  operating  performance over the past several
years,  we reevaluated  the certainty as to whether our remaining NOLs and other
deferred tax assets may ultimately be realized. As a result of the determination
that it is more likely than not that nearly all of the  remaining  deferred  tax
assets  will be  realized,  a  significant  portion of the  remaining  valuation
allowance  was reversed in fiscal 2006.  Our ability to realize our deferred tax
assets is primarily dependent on generating sufficient future taxable income. If
we do not generate  sufficient  taxable income, we could be required to record a
valuation allowance.

     REVENUE RECOGNITION.  Sales are recorded when title passes to the customer,
which is generally at the time of shipment to the customer, except for long-term
construction-type  contracts.  For  long-term  construction-type  contracts,  we
recognize contract revenues under the percentage of completion method,  measured
by comparing direct costs incurred to total estimated  direct costs.  Changes in
job  performance,  job conditions and estimated  profitability,  including those
arising from final  contract  settlements,  may result in revisions to costs and
income and are  recognized in the period in which the revisions are  determined.
In the event that a loss is anticipated on an uncompleted  contract, a provision
for  the  estimated  loss is made at the  time  it is  determined.  Billings  on
contracts may precede or lag revenues earned,  and such differences are reported
in the balance sheet as current  liabilities  (accrued  liabilities) and current
assets  (unbilled  revenues),  respectively.  Customers do not routinely  return
product.  However,  sales  returns  are  permitted  in specific  situations  and
typically include a restocking charge or the purchase of additional  product. We
have established an allowance for returns based upon historical trends.


EFFECTS OF NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

      In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 151, "Inventory Costs,"
as an amendment to ARB No. 43, Chapter 4, "Inventory Pricing," to clarify the
accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling
costs and wasted materials (spoilage). This Statement requires that these items
be recognized as current-period charges and requires the allocation of fixed
production overheads to inventory based on the normal capacity of the production
facilities. This Statement becomes effective for inventory costs incurred during
fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2005. We do not expect the adoption of
SFAS No. 151 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.


                                       27
<PAGE>

     In  December  2004,  the  FASB  issued  SFAS  No.  123(R)  (revised  2004),
Share-Based  Payment,  which is a revision of FASB Statement No. 123, Accounting
for Stock-Based  Compensation.  Statement 123(R)  supersedes APB Opinion No. 25,
Accounting  for Stock Issued to  Employees,  and amends FASB  Statement  No. 95,
Statement of Cash Flows. Generally,  the approach in Statement 123(R) is similar
to the approach  described in Statement 123. However,  Statement 123(R) requires
all  share-based  payments to  employees,  including  grants of  employee  stock
options,  to be recognized in the income  statement  based on their fair values.
Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative.

     Statement 123(R) was to be adopted for interim or annual periods  beginning
after June 15,  2005.  On April  14th,  2005,  the SEC  announced  that it would
provide for a phased-in  implementation  process for FASB  statement No. 123(R).
The SEC is requiring that registrants adopt statement 123(R)'s fair value method
of accounting for share-based  payments to employees no later than the beginning
of the first  fiscal  year  beginning  after June 15,  2005.  We expect to adopt
123(R) in the first  quarter of Fiscal 2007.  Statement  123(R)  permits  public
companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods:

     1.   A  "modified   prospective"  method  in  which  compensation  cost  is
          recognized  beginning  with  the  effective  date  (a)  based  on  the
          requirements of Statement 123(R) for all share-based  payments granted
          after  the  effective  date  and  (b)  based  on the  requirements  of
          Statement  123(R) for all  share-based  payments  granted to employees
          prior to the effective date of Statement  123(R) that remain  unvested
          on the effective date.

     2.   A "modified  retrospective"  method which includes the requirements of
          the modified  prospective  method  described  above,  but also permits
          entities  to restate  based on  amounts  previously  recognized  under
          Statement  123 for  purposes of pro forma  disclosures  either (a) all
          prior periods  presented or (b) prior  interim  periods of the year of
          adoption.

     We are still  evaluating the method we plan to use when we adopt  statement
123(R).

     As  permitted  by  Statement  123, we  currently  account  for  share-based
payments to employees  using Opinion 25's  intrinsic  value method and, as such,
recognize no compensation cost for employee stock options. Accordingly, adoption
of  Statement  123(R)'s  fair value method will have an impact on our results of
operations,  although it will have no impact on our overall financial  position.
The impact of adoption of 123(R)  cannot be  predicted  at this time  because it
will depend on levels of share based  payments  granted in the future.  However,
had we adopted  Statement  123(R) in prior periods,  the impact of that standard
would  have  approximated  the  impact  of  statement  123 as  described  in the
disclosure  of pro  forma net  income  and  earnings  per share in Note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements.

     In May 2005,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,  "Accounting  Changes and Error
Corrections" which replaces APB Opinion No. 20,  "Accounting  Changes," and SFAS
No. 3, "Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial  Statements." SFAS No.
154  changes  the  requirements  for and  reporting  of a change  in  accounting
principle.  This Statement becomes  effective for changes in accounting  methods
during  fiscal years  beginning  after  December 15, 2005.  We do not expect the
adoption of SFAS No. 154 will have a material impact on our consolidated results
of operations and financial condition.


ITEM 7A.          QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     Market risk is the  potential  loss arising from adverse  changes in market
rates and prices,  such as  interest  rates.  We are  exposed to various  market
risks,  including commodity prices for raw materials,  foreign currency exchange
rates and  changes in interest  rates.  We may enter into  financial  instrument
transactions,  which attempt to manage and reduce the impact of such changes. We
do not enter into  derivatives  or other  financial  instruments  for trading or
speculative purposes.

     Our primary  commodity risk is related to changes in the price of steel. We
control this risk through negotiating purchase contracts on a consolidated basis
and by attempting to build changes in raw material costs into the selling prices
of our products.  We also evaluate our steel cost  increases and assess the need
for price  increases and surcharges to our  customers.  We have not entered into
financial instrument transactions related to raw material costs.

     In fiscal  2006,  29% of our net sales were from  manufacturing  plants and
sales  offices in foreign  jurisdictions.  We  manufacture  our  products in the
United States,  Mexico, China,  Denmark, the United Kingdom,  France and Germany
and sell our  products  and  solutions  in over 50  countries.  Our  results  of
operations  could be  affected  by factors  such as changes in foreign  currency
rates or weak economic conditions in foreign markets.  Our operating results are
exposed  to  fluctuations  between  the U.S.  dollar  and the  Canadian  dollar,
European  currencies  and the Mexican peso.  For example,  when the U.S.  dollar
strengthens  against  the  Canadian  dollar,  the value of our net sales and net
income  denominated  in Canadian  dollars  decreases when  translated  into U.S.
dollars  for  inclusion  in our  consolidated  results.  We are also  exposed to
foreign  currency  fluctuations in relation to purchases  denominated in foreign
currencies.  Our foreign  currency  risk is mitigated  since the majority of our


                                       28
<PAGE>

foreign  operations'  net  sales  and  the  related  expense   transactions  are
denominated  in the same currency so therefore a  significant  change in foreign
exchange rates would likely have a very minor impact on net income. For example,
a 10%  decline  in the rate of  exchange  between  the euro and the U.S.  dollar
impacts net income by approximately $0.5 million.  In addition,  the majority of
our export sale  transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars.  Accordingly,  we
currently have not invested in derivative instruments,  such as foreign exchange
contracts, to hedge foreign currency transactions.

     We control risk  related to changes in interest  rates by  structuring  our
debt instruments with a combination of fixed and variable  interest rates and by
periodically entering into financial instrument transactions as appropriate.  At
March 31, 2006, we do not have any material swap agreements or similar financial
instruments  in place.  At March 31, 2006 and 2005,  approximately  97% and 96%,
respectively,  of our outstanding debt had fixed interest rates. At those dates,
we  had  approximately  $6.4  million  and  $11.4  million,   respectively,   of
outstanding  variable rate debt. A 1%  fluctuation  in interest  rates in fiscal
2006 and 2005 would have changed interest  expense on that outstanding  variable
rate debt by approximately $0.1 million for both years.

     Like many  industrial  manufacturers,  we are involved in  asbestos-related
litigation.   In  continually   evaluating   costs  relating  to  its  estimated
asbestos-related liability, we review, among other things, the incidence of past
and recent claims,  the historical  case dismissal  rate, the mix of the claimed
illnesses  and  occupations  of  the  plaintiffs,   its  recent  and  historical
resolution of the cases,  the number of cases pending against it, the status and
results  of  broad-based  settlement  discussions,  and the number of years such
activity might  continue.  Based on this review,  we have estimated its share of
liability  to defend  and  resolve  probable  asbestos-related  personal  injury
claims.  This  estimate  is  highly  uncertain  due  to the  limitations  of the
available data and the difficulty of forecasting with any certainty the numerous
variables that can affect the range of the liability.  We will continue to study
the variables in light of  additional  information  in order to identify  trends
that may become  evident and to assess  their  impact on the range of  liability
that is probable and estimable.

     Based on actuarial  information,  we have  estimated  our  asbestos-related
aggregate  liability  through March 31, 2031 and March 31, 2082 to range between
$5.5 million and $19.0 million using  actuarial  parameters of continued  claims
for a period of 25 to 76 years. Our estimation of our asbestos-related aggregate
liability  that is probable and  estimable,  in accordance  with U.S.  generally
accepted accounting  principles,  is through March 31, 2031 and ranges from $5.5
million  to $6.5  million  as of March  31,  2006.  The  range of  probable  and
estimable  liability  reflects  uncertainty  in the number of future claims that
will be filed and the cost to resolve those claims, which may be influenced by a
number of factors,  including the outcome of the ongoing broad-based  settlement
negotiations,  defensive strategies,  and the cost to resolve claims outside the
broad-based  settlement program.  Based on the underlying actuarial information,
we have  reflected  $6.3  million as a liability in the  consolidated  financial
statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The
increase in the recorded  liability from the amount of $4.8 million at March 31,
2005 is due to a change  in  actuarial  parameters  used to  calculate  required
asbestos  liability reserve levels. The recorded liability does not consider the
impact of any potential favorable federal legislation such as the "FAIR Act". Of
this  amount,  management  expects  to  incur  asbestos  liability  payments  of
approximately  $0.5  million  over the next 12  months.  Because  payment of the
liability  is likely to extend over many  years,  management  believes  that the
potential  additional costs for claims will not have a material after-tax effect
on our financial  condition or our liquidity,  although the net after-tax effect
of any future  liabilities  recorded  could be  material to earnings in a future
period.


                                       29
<PAGE>


ITEM 8.           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of March 31, 2006:
      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm..........      F-2
      Consolidated Balance Sheets......................................      F-3
      Consolidated Statements of Operations............................      F-4
      Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity..................      F-5
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows............................      F-6
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
         1.    Description of Business.................................      F-7
         2.    Accounting Principles and Practices.....................      F-7
         3.    Discontinued Operations.................................     F-11
         4.    Unbilled Revenues and Excess Billings...................     F-11
         5.    Inventories.............................................     F-12
         6.    Marketable Securities...................................     F-12
         7.    Property, Plant, and Equipment..........................     F-13
         8.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets..........................     F-14
         9.    Accrued Liabilities and Other Non-current Liabilities...     F-15
         10.   Debt....................................................     F-16
         11.   Retirement Plans........................................     F-18
         12.   Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)....................     F-20
         13.   Postretirement Benefit Obligation.......................     F-20
         14.   Earnings per Share and Stock Plans......................     F-22
         15.   Loss Contingencies......................................     F-24
         16.   Restructuring Charges...................................     F-26
         17.   Income Taxes............................................     F-27
         18.   Rental Expense and Lease Commitments....................     F-29
         19.   Summary Financial Information...........................     F-30
         20.   Business Segment Information............................     F-34
         21.   Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)...........     F-36
         22.   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss....................     F-37
         23.   Effects of New Accounting Pronouncements................     F-38
         24.   Subsequent Events.......................................     F-39

         Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts...............     F-40




                                      F-1
<PAGE>



             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Columbus McKinnon Corporation

We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Columbus
McKinnon  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  as of March 31, 2006 and 2005, and the
related consolidated  statements of operations,  shareholders'  equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2006. Our audits
also included the financial  statement  schedule listed in the Index at Item 15.
These financial  statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is to express  an  opinion on these  financial
statements and schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis,  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management,  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial  statement  presentation.   We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects,  the consolidated financial position of Columbus McKinnon
Corporation and  subsidiaries  at March 31, 2006 and 2005, and the  consolidated
results of their  operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended March 31, 2006,  in  conformity  with U.S.  generally  accepted
accounting  principles.  Also, in our opinion,  the related financial  statement
schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as
a whole,  presents  fairly in all material  respects the  information  set forth
therein.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States),  the  effectiveness  of Columbus
McKinnon Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31,
2006,  based on criteria  established in Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations of the Treadway  Commission
and our report dated June 1, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

                              /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
June 1, 2006
Buffalo, New York




                                      F-2
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                                                                    MARCH 31,
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                                                              2006             2005
                                                                                              ----             ----
                                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                                                                   SHARE DATA)
                                         ASSETS
 Current assets:
<S>                                                                                       <C>              <C>
        Cash and cash equivalents......................................................   $     45,598     $      9,479
        Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
            ($3,417 and $3,015, respectively)..........................................         95,726           88,974
        Unbilled revenues..............................................................         12,061            8,848
        Inventories....................................................................         74,845           77,626
      Prepaid expenses.................................................................         15,676           14,198
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
 Total current assets..................................................................        243,906          199,125
 Net property, plant, and equipment....................................................         55,132           57,237
 Goodwill, net.........................................................................        184,917          185,443
 Other intangibles, net................................................................          2,410            1,842
 Marketable securities.................................................................         27,596           24,615
 Deferred taxes on income..............................................................         46,065            6,122
 Other assets..........................................................................          6,018            6,487
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
 Total assets..........................................................................   $    566,044     $    480,871
                                                                                        ==================================

                          LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 Current liabilities:
      Notes payable to banks...........................................................   $      5,798     $      4,839
      Trade accounts payable...........................................................         39,311           33,688
      Accrued liabilities..............................................................         61,264           52,328
      Restructuring reserve............................................................            793              144
      Current portion of long-term debt................................................            127            5,819
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
 Total current liabilities.............................................................        107,293           96,818
 Senior debt, less current portion.....................................................         67,841          115,735
 Subordinated debt.....................................................................        136,000          144,548
 Other non-current liabilities.........................................................         50,489           42,003
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
 Total liabilities.....................................................................        361,623          399,104
 Shareholders' equity:
      Voting common stock; 50,000,000 shares authorized;
             18,575,454 and 14,948,172 shares issued...................................            185              149
      Additional paid-in capital.......................................................        170,081          104,078
      Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)..........................................         51,152           (8,644)
      ESOP debt guarantee; 249,821 and 284,695 shares..................................         (3,996)          (4,554)
      Unearned restricted stock; 2,000 and 1,000 shares................................            (22)              (6)
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss.............................................        (12,979)          (9,256)
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
 Total shareholders' equity............................................................        204,421           81,767
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity............................................   $    566,044     $    480,871
                                                                                        ==================================

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.


                                      F-3
<PAGE>



                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               2006               2005               2004
                                                                               ----               ----               ----
                                                                                          (IN THOUSANDS,
                                                                                      EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<S>                                                                     <C>                <C>                <C>
 Net sales..........................................................    $     556,007      $     514,752      $     444,591
 Cost of products sold..............................................          408,385            388,844            339,745
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
 Gross profit.......................................................          147,622            125,908            104,846
 Selling expenses...................................................           54,255             52,291             48,331
 General and administrative expenses................................           33,640             31,730             25,026
 Restructuring charges..............................................            1,609                910              1,239
 Amortization of intangibles........................................              249                312                383
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
 Income from operations.............................................           57,869             40,665             29,867
 Interest and debt expense..........................................           24,667             27,620             28,856
 Other (income) and expense, net....................................            5,048             (5,218)            (4,191)
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
 Income from continuing operations before income tax
         (benefit) expense..........................................           28,154             18,263              5,202
 Income tax (benefit) expense.......................................          (30,946)             2,196              4,009
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
 Income from continuing operations..................................           59,100             16,067              1,193
 Income from discontinued operations (net of tax)...................              696                643                  -
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
 Net income.........................................................    $      59,796      $      16,710      $       1,193
                                                                     ===========================================================


 Average basic shares outstanding...................................           16,052             14,594             14,553
 Average diluted shares outstanding.................................           16,628             14,803             14,554
 Basic income per share:
      Income from continuing operations.............................    $        3.69      $        1.10      $        0.08
      Income from discontinued operations...........................             0.04               0.04                  -
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
      Basic income per share........................................    $        3.73      $        1.14      $        0.08
                                                                     ===========================================================

 Diluted income per share:
      Income from continuing operations.............................    $        3.56      $        1.09      $        0.08
      Income from discontinued operations...........................             0.04               0.04                  -
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
      Diluted income per share......................................    $        3.60      $        1.13      $        0.08
                                                                     ===========================================================

</TABLE>



                             See accompanying notes.


                                      F-4
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)

                                      COMMON     ADDI-      RETAINED                            ACCUMULATED
                                      STOCK      TIONAL     EARNINGS      ESOP      UNEARNED       OTHER         TOTAL
                                      ($.01     PAID-IN   (ACCUMULATED    DEBT     RESTRICTED  COMPREHENSIVE  SHAREHOLDERS'
                                    PAR VALUE)  CAPITAL     DEFICIT)   GUARANTEE     STOCK          LOSS         EQUITY
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>            <C>
Balance at March 31, 2003..........   $    149   $104,412   $ (26,547)  $   (5,709)  $   (208)   $    (19,390)  $  52,707
Comprehensive income:
Net income 2004....................         --         --       1,193           --         --              --       1,193
Change in foreign currency
  translation adjustment...........         --         --          --           --         --           6,389       6,389
Net unrealized gain on
  investments, net of tax of $918..         --         --          --           --         --           1,706       1,706
Net change in unrealized loss
  on derivatives qualifying as
  hedges, net of tax of $127.......         --         --          --           --         --             191         191
Change in minimum pension
  liability adjustment, net of
  tax of $352......................         --         --          --           --         --             528         528
                                                                                                                  ---------
Total comprehensive income.........                                                                                10,007
Earned 37,049 ESOP shares..........         --       (393)         --          593         --              --         200
Earned portion and adjustment of
  restricted shares................         --       (105)         --           --        169              --          64
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at March 31, 2004..........   $    149   $103,914   $ (25,354)  $   (5,116)  $    (39)   $    (10,576)  $  62,978
Comprehensive income:
Net income 2005....................         --         --      16,710           --         --              --      16,710
Change in foreign currency
  translation adjustment...........         --         --          --           --         --           2,830       2,830
Net unrealized loss on
  investments, net of tax benefit
  of $70...........................         --         --          --           --         --            (131)       (131)
Change in minimum pension
  liability adjustment, net of
  tax benefit of $27...............         --         --          --           --         --          (1,379)     (1,379)
                                                                                                                  ---------
Total comprehensive income.........                                                                                18,030
Earned 35,108 ESOP shares..........         --       (266)         --          562         --              --         296
Stock options exercised, 52,000
  shares...........................         --        428          --           --         --              --         428
Earned portion of restricted shares         --          2          --           --         33              --          35
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at March 31, 2005..........   $    149   $104,078   $  (8,644)  $   (4,554)  $     (6)   $     (9,256)  $  81,767
Comprehensive income:
Net income 2006....................         --         --      59,796           --         --              --      59,796
Change in foreign currency
  translation adjustment...........         --         --          --           --         --          (1,846)     (1,846)
Net unrealized gain on
  investments, net of tax of $354..         --         --          --           --         --             658         658
Change in minimum pension
  liability adjustment, net of
  tax benefit of $1,681............         --         --          --           --         --          (2,535)     (2,535)
                                                                                                                  ---------
Total comprehensive income.........                                                                                56,073
Common stock issued, 3,000,000
  shares...........................         30     56,589          --           --         --              --      56,619
Stock options exercised, 626,282
  shares...........................          6      7,143          --           --         --              --       7,149
Tax benefit from exercise of
  stock  options...................         --      2,154          --           --         --              --       2,154
Earned 34,874 ESOP shares..........         --         95          --          558         --              --         653
Restricted common stock
  granted, 1,000 shares............         --         22          --           --        (22)             --          --
Earned portion of restricted shares         --         --          --           --          6              --           6
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at March 31, 2006..........   $    185   $170,081   $  51,152   $   (3,996)  $    (22)   $    (12,979)  $ 204,421
                                    ========================================================================================

</TABLE>

                             See accompanying notes.


                                      F-5
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   2006           2005            2004
                                                                                   ----           ----            ----
                                                                                              (IN THOUSANDS)
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
<S>                                                                          <C>             <C>             <C>
 Income from continuing operations.......................................    $     59,100    $     16,067    $     1,193
 Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing
    operations to net cash provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation and amortization......................................           8,824           9,171         10,126
      Deferred income taxes..............................................         (36,968)           (971)         6,413
      Loss on divestitures...............................................              87             330          3,875
      Gain on sale of real estate/investments............................          (2,100)         (4,632)        (5,143)
      Loss (gain) on early retirement of bonds...........................           7,083              40         (5,590)
      Amortization/write-off of deferred financing costs.................           3,297           1,575          6,613
      Tax benefit from exercise of stock options.........................           2,154              --             --
      Other..............................................................              --              --             67
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities
         net of effects of business divestitures:
           Trade accounts receivable and  unbilled revenues..............         (11,025)         (6,896)         1,140
           Inventories...................................................           2,518          (6,834)         8,351
           Prepaid expenses..............................................          (2,026)          1,796         (1,332)
           Other assets..................................................             207              10           (181)
           Trade accounts payable........................................           6,099           3,192           (976)
           Accrued and non-current liabilities...........................          11,267           4,313          1,813
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
 Net cash provided by operating activities...............................          48,517          17,161         26,369
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 (Purchase) sale of marketable securities, net...........................            (888)          1,314            110
 Capital expenditures....................................................          (8,430)         (5,925)        (3,619)
 Proceeds from sale of facilities and surplus real estate................           2,091           6,742          4,015
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment....................              --              --            387
 Proceeds from net assets held for sale..................................              --             375          3,376
 Proceeds from discontinued operations note receivable - revised.........             857             643             --
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
 Net cash (used) provided by investing activities........................          (6,370)          3,149          4,269
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock..................................          56,619              --             --
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options.................................           7,149             428             --
 Payments under revolving line-of-credit agreements......................         (47,669)       (345,664)      (332,218)
 Borrowings under revolving line-of-credit agreements....................          49,030         344,541        325,326
 Repayment of debt.......................................................        (205,167)        (21,745)      (125,764)
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt................................         136,000              --        115,000
 Payment of deferred financing costs.....................................          (2,877)            (24)        (4,432)
 Change in ESOP debt guarantee...........................................             558             562            593
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
 Net cash used in financing activities...................................          (6,357)        (21,902)       (21,495)
 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH.................................             329             (30)            15
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents.................................          36,119          (1,622)         9,158
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year..........................           9,479          11,101          1,943
                                                                          ------------------------------------------------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year................................    $     45,598    $      9,479    $    11,101
                                                                          ================================================
 Supplementary cash flows data:
      Interest paid......................................................    $     26,565    $     28,133    $    30,002
      Income taxes paid (received), net..................................    $      5,035    $      2,029    $    (9,683)

</TABLE>


                             See accompanying notes.


                                      F-6
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                (TABULAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

1.    DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation  (the  Company) is a leading  U.S.  designer and
manufacturer  of  material  handling   products,   systems  and  services  which
efficiently and  ergonomically  move, lift,  position and secure  material.  Key
products include hoists,  cranes,  chain and forged  attachments.  The Company's
material   handling  products  are  sold,   domestically  and   internationally,
principally to third party distributors through diverse  distribution  channels,
and to a lesser extent directly to end-users.  The Company's integrated material
handling  solutions  businesses  deal  primarily  with end  users  and sales are
concentrated,  domestically  and  internationally  (primarily  Europe),  in  the
consumer  products,  manufacturing,  warehousing  and, to a lesser  extent,  the
steel,  construction,  automotive and other  industrial  markets.  During fiscal
2006, approximately 64% of sales were to customers in the United States.


2.    ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES AND PRACTICES

   ADVERTISING

     Costs associated with advertising are expensed in the year incurred and are
included in selling expense in the statement of operations. Advertising expenses
were  $3,343,000,  $2,521,000,  and  $2,406,000 in fiscal 2006,  2005, and 2004,
respectively.

   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     The Company  considers as cash  equivalents  all highly liquid  investments
with an original maturity of three months or less.

   CONCENTRATIONS OF LABOR

     Approximately  23% of the  Company's  employees  are  represented  by seven
separate domestic and Canadian collective  bargaining agreements which terminate
at various  times  between  August 2006 and May 2009.  Approximately  10% of the
labor  force is covered by  collective  bargaining  agreements  that will expire
within one year.

   CONSOLIDATION

     These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its domestic and foreign subsidiaries; all significant intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated.

   DERIVATIVES AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Derivative  instruments held by the Company that have high correlation with
the underlying exposure and are highly effective in offsetting  underlying price
movements are designated as hedges.  Accordingly,  gains and losses from changes
in derivatives fair values are deferred until the underlying  transaction occurs
at which point they are then  recognized  in the statement of  operations.  When
derivatives  are not designated as hedges,  the gains and losses from changes in
fair value are recorded currently in the statement of operations.  All derivates
are carried at fair value in the balance  sheet.  The fair values of derivatives
are  determined  by reference to quoted  market  prices.  The  Company's  use of
derivative  instruments  has  historically  been  limited to cash flow hedges of
certain interest rate risks.

     The carrying value of the Company's current assets and current  liabilities
approximate  their fair values based upon the relatively short maturity of those
instruments.  For the fair value of the Company's marketable securities and debt
instruments, see Notes 6 and 10, respectively.



                                      F-7
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

   FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATIONS

     The Company translates  foreign currency financial  statements as described
in Financial  Accounting Standards (FAS) No. 52. Under this method, all items of
income and expense are translated to U.S.  dollars at average exchange rates for
the year.  All assets and  liabilities  are  translated  to U.S.  dollars at the
year-end  exchange  rate.  Gains or  losses  on  translations  are  recorded  in
accumulated other comprehensive loss in the shareholders'  equity section of the
balance  sheet.  The  functional  currency is the foreign  currency in which the
foreign  subsidiaries  conduct  their  business.  Gains and losses from  foreign
currency  transactions are reported in other income and expense,  net. There was
an approximate  $100,000 loss,  $200,000 gain and $600,000 loss on  transactions
with foreign subsidiaries in fiscal 2006, 2005 and fiscal 2004, respectively.

   GOODWILL

     Goodwill is not amortized but is  periodically  tested for  impairment,  in
accordance  with the provisions of Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
(SFAS) No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible  Assets." Goodwill  impairment is
deemed to exist if the net book value of a reporting  unit exceeds its estimated
fair value.  The fair value of a reporting unit is determined using a discounted
cash flow methodology.  The Company's  reporting units are determined based upon
whether  discrete  financial  information  is available and regularly  reviewed,
whether  those  units  constitute  a  business,   and  the  extent  of  economic
similarities  between those reporting  units for purposes of  aggregation.  As a
result of this analysis,  the reporting units identified under SFAS No. 142 were
at the  component  level,  or one level  below the  reporting  segment  level as
defined  under SFAS No. 131.  The  Products  segment was  subdivided  into three
reporting  units and the  Solutions  segment was  subdivided  into two reporting
units.  Identifiable  intangible  assets acquired in a business  combination are
amortized over their useful lives unless their useful lives are  indefinite,  in
which case those  intangible  assets are tested for impairment  annually and not
amortized until their lives are determined to be finite.  See Note 8 for further
discussion of goodwill and intangible assets.

   INVENTORIES

     Inventories   are  valued  at  the  lower  of  cost  or  market.   Cost  of
approximately  58% of  inventories  at March  31,  2006  (57% in 2005)  has been
determined  using  the  LIFO  (last-in,   first-out)  method.   Costs  of  other
inventories have been determined using the FIFO (first-in, first-out) or average
cost method. FIFO cost approximates replacement cost.

   MARKETABLE SECURITIES

     All of  the  Company's  marketable  securities,  which  consist  of  equity
securities and corporate and governmental  obligations,  have been classified as
available-for-sale  securities  and are therefore  recorded at their fair values
with the unrealized gains and losses,  net of tax, reported in accumulated other
comprehensive  loss within  shareholders'  equity unless  unrealized  losses are
deemed to be other than temporary.  In such instance,  the unrealized losses are
reported in the statement of operations within other (income) and expense,  net.
Estimated  fair value is based on published  trading values at the balance sheet
dates.  The amortized cost of debt  securities is adjusted for  amortization  of
premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity.  The cost of securities sold is
based on the specific  identification  method.  Interest and dividend income are
included in other (income) and expense,  net in the  consolidated  statements of
operations.

     The marketable  securities  are carried as long-term  assets since they are
held  for  the  settlement  of the  Company's  general  and  products  liability
insurance  claims  filed  through CM  Insurance  Company,  Inc.,  a wholly owned
captive insurance subsidiary.



                                      F-8
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

   PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT

     Property,   plant,  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  and  depreciated
principally  using the  straight-line  method  over their  respective  estimated
useful lives (buildings and building  equipment--15  to 40 years;  machinery and
equipment--3 to 18 years).  When  depreciable  assets are retired,  or otherwise
disposed of, the cost and related accumulated  depreciation are removed from the
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operating results.

   RECLASSIFICATION/REVISIONS

     Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current
year presentation.

     In 2006, the Company has disclosed the investing portions of the cash flows
attributable to its discontinued  operations within the investing section of the
consolidated statements of cash flows, whereas in prior years they were reported
as a separate component on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Research and development costs as defined in FAS No. 2, for the years ended
March  31,  2006,  2005 and 2004 were  $1,614,000,  $1,289,000  and  $1,625,000,
respectively  and are  classified as general and  administrative  expense in the
consolidated statements of operations.

   REVENUE RECOGNITION AND CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

     Sales are recorded when title passes to the customer  which is generally at
time of shipment to the customer, except for long-term construction contracts as
described  below.  The  Company  performs  ongoing  credit  evaluations  of  its
customers'  financial  condition,  but generally does not require  collateral to
support  customer  receivables.  The credit risk is  controlled  through  credit
approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. Accounts receivable are reported at
net  realizable  value and do not accrue  interest.  The Company  establishes an
allowance for doubtful  accounts based upon factors  surrounding the credit risk
of specific customers,  historical trends and other factors. Accounts receivable
are charged  against the  allowance for doubtful  accounts  once all  collection
efforts have been exhausted.  The Company does not routinely permit customers to
return product.  However, sales returns are permitted in specific situations and
typically include a restocking charge or the purchase of additional product. The
Company has established an allowance for returns based upon historical trends.

     The Company recognizes contract revenues under the percentage of completion
method,  measured by comparing  direct costs incurred to total estimated  direct
costs. Changes in job performance,  job conditions and estimated  profitability,
including those arising from final contract settlements, may result in revisions
to costs and income and are  recognized in the period in which the revisions are
determined.  In the event that a loss is anticipated on an uncompleted contract,
a  provision  for the  estimated  loss is  made  at the  time it is  determined.
Billings on contracts may precede or lag revenues  earned,  and such differences
are reported in the balance sheet as current liabilities  (accrued  liabilities)
and current assets (unbilled revenues), respectively.



                                      F-9
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

   SALE-LEASEBACK TRANSACTIONS

     On January 28, 2005, the Company sold its corporate  headquarters  property
and entered into a leaseback for a portion of the facility under a 10-year lease
agreement.  Net  proceeds  to the  Company  for the  sale of the  property  were
approximately $2.7 million and the gain on the transaction was $2.2 million.  Of
the total gain,  $1.0  million was  recognized  in 2005 under the caption  other
income,  and $1.2 million was deferred and will be recognized as income over the
10-year  leaseback  period.  Additionally,  $0.5 million of non-cash value (rent
abatement)  will be  recognized  on a  straight-line  basis as  lower  operating
expenses over the 10-year leaseback period.

   SHIPPING AND HANDLING COSTS

     Shipping and handling costs are a component of cost of products sold.

   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

     At March 31, 2006, the Company has two  stock-based  employee  compensation
plans in effect, which are described more fully in Note 14. The Company accounts
for these plans under the recognition  and measurement  principles of Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" (APB
25) and related  Interpretations.  No stock based employee  compensation cost is
reflected  in net  income,  as all  options  granted  under  these  plans had an
exercise price equal to the market value of the  underlying  common stock on the
date of grant and the number of options  granted was fixed.  The following table
illustrates  the effect on net income and  earnings per share if the Company had
applied the fair value  recognition of SFAS No. 123  "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation", to stock-based employee compensation:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------
                                                                               YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------
                                                                         2006           2005            2004
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------

<S>                                                                <C>            <C>             <C>
  Net income, as reported.....................................     $    59,796    $    16,710     $     1,193
     Deduct: Total stock based employee compensation
     expenses determined under fair value based method
     for all awards, net of related tax effects...............            (577)        (1,135)           (504)
                                                                  -----------------------------------------------
     Net income, pro forma....................................     $    59,219    $    15,575     $       689
                                                                  ===============================================

  Basic income per share:
     As reported..............................................     $      3.73    $      1.14     $      0.08
                                                                  ===============================================
     Pro forma................................................     $      3.69    $      1.07     $      0.05
                                                                  ===============================================

  Diluted income per share:
     As reported..............................................     $      3.60    $      1.13     $      0.08
                                                                  ===============================================
     Pro forma................................................     $      3.56    $      1.05     $      0.05
                                                                  ===============================================
</TABLE>

   USE OF ESTIMATES

     The preparation of financial  statements in conformity with U.S.  generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the financial  statements  and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



                                      F-10
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


   WARRANTIES

     The Company  offers  warranties  for certain of the products it sells.  The
specific  terms and  conditions  of those  warranties  vary  depending  upon the
product sold and the country in which the Company sold the product.  The Company
generally  provides a basic limited warranty,  including parts and labor for any
product deemed to be defective for a period of one year.  The Company  estimates
the costs that may be incurred under its basic limited  warranty,  based largely
upon actual warranty repair costs history, and records a liability in the amount
of such costs in the month that the product revenue is recognized. The resulting
accrual balance is reviewed  during the year.  Factors that affect the Company's
warranty liability include the number of units sold,  historical and anticipated
rate of warranty claims, and cost per claim.

     Changes in the Company's product warranty accrual are as follows:

                                               ---------------------------------
                                                           MARCH 31,
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                        2006            2005
                                                        ----            ----
           Balance at beginning of year.......     $      832      $      889
           Accrual for warranties issued......          4,658           2,475
           Warranties settled.................         (3,358)         (2,532)
                                               ---------------------------------
           Balance at end of year.............     $    2,132      $      832
                                               =================================


3.    DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     In May 2002, the Company sold  substantially all of the assets of Automatic
Systems,  Inc.  (ASI).  The ASI business was the principal  business unit in the
Company's   former  Solutions  -  Automotive   segment.   The  Company  received
$20,600,000  in cash and an 8%  subordinated  note in the  principal  amount  of
$6,800,000  which is payable at a rate of $214,000  per quarter over eight years
beginning  August  2004.  Due  to  the  uncertainty  surrounding  the  financial
viability of the new  organization,  the note has been recorded at the estimated
net realizable value of $0. Principal payments received on the note are recorded
as income from discontinued  operations at the time of receipt. All interest and
principal  payments  required  under the note have been made to date.  The gross
value of the note as of March 31, 2006 is approximately $5,100,000.


4.    UNBILLED REVENUES AND EXCESS BILLINGS

                                                           --------------------
                                                                 MARCH 31,
                                                           --------------------
                                                              2006       2005
                                                              ----       ----
        Costs incurred on uncompleted contracts........... $  52,615   $ 34,154
        Estimated earnings................................    15,361     11,498
                                                           --------------------
        Revenues earned to date...........................    67,976     45,652
        Less billings to date.............................    56,331     37,133
                                                           --------------------
                                                           $  11,645   $  8,519
                                                           ====================

The net amounts above are included in the consolidated  balance sheets under the
following captions:

                                                           --------------------
                                                                 MARCH 31,
                                                           --------------------
                                                              2006       2005
                                                              ----       ----
      Unbilled revenues................................... $  12,061   $  8,848
      Accrued liabilities.................................      (416)      (329)
                                                           --------------------
                                                           $  11,645   $  8,519
                                                           ====================


                                      F-11
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

5.    INVENTORIES

     Inventories consisted of the following:

                                                  -----------------------------
                                                             MARCH 31,
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                       2006             2005
                                                       ----             ----
      At cost--FIFO basis:
           Raw materials.........................  $   41,134       $   42,283
           Work-in-process.......................      12,199           10,238
           Finished goods........................      33,424           35,800
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                       86,757           88,321
      LIFO cost less than FIFO cost..............     (11,912)         (10,695)
                                                  -----------------------------
      Net inventories............................  $   74,845       $   77,626
                                                  =============================


6.    MARKETABLE SECURITIES

Marketable  securities are held for the settlement of the Company's  general and
products liability insurance claims filed through the Company's  subsidiary,  CM
Insurance Company,  Inc. (see Notes 2 and 15). On a quarterly basis, the Company
reviews its  marketable  securities  for  declines  in market  value that may be
considered other than temporary.  The Company considers market value declines to
be other than temporary if they are declines for a period longer than six months
and in excess of 20% of original cost.

     The  following is a summary of  available-for-sale  securities at March 31,
2006:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              GROSS           GROSS        ESTIMATED
                                                                            UNREALIZED     UNREALIZED        FAIR
                                                                COST          GAINS          LOSSES          VALUE
                                                            ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>
      Government securities................................  $   10,859    $       150     $       25    $    10,984
      Equity securities....................................      13,828          3,013            229         16,612
                                                            ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                             $   24,687    $     3,163     $      254    $    27,596
                                                            ==========================================================
</TABLE>

     As of March 31, 2006, in accordance  with FAS No. 115, the Company  reduced
the cost bases of certain equity  securities  since it was  determined  that the
unrealized losses on those securities were other than temporary in nature.  This
determination  resulted in the  recognition  of a pre-tax  charge to earnings of
$78,000 for the year ended March 31, 2006,  classified within other (income) and
expense, net. The above schedule reflects the reduced cost bases.

     The  aggregate  fair  value  of  investments   and  unrealized   losses  on
available-for-sale  securities in an unrealized  loss position at March 31, 2006
are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  AGGREGATE            UNREALIZED
                                                                                 FAIR VALUE              LOSSES
                                                                           ---------------------------------------------

<S>                                                                             <C>                   <C>
       Equity securities held for less than 12 months in a loss position        $     1,553           $       154
       Equity securities held for more than 12 months in a loss position              1,012                    75
                                                                           ---------------------------------------------
                                                                                $     2,565           $       229
                                                                           =============================================
</TABLE>

     The net gain related to sales of marketable  securities totaled $1,436,000,
$706,000 and $1,861,000 in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.



                                      F-12
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


     The  following is a summary of  available-for-sale  securities at March 31,
2005:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                GROSS           GROSS        ESTIMATED
                                                                              UNREALIZED     UNREALIZED        FAIR
                                                                  COST          GAINS          LOSSES          VALUE
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>
      Government securities................................    $    7,967    $       251     $        -    $     8,218
      Equity securities....................................        14,751          2,076            430         16,397
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               $   22,718    $     2,327     $      430    $    24,615
                                                            ============================================================
</TABLE>

     As of March 31, 2005, in accordance  with FAS No. 115, the Company  reduced
the cost bases of certain equity  securities  since it was  determined  that the
unrealized losses on those securities were other than temporary in nature.  This
determination  resulted in the  recognition  of a pre-tax  charge to earnings of
$280,000 and $110,000 for the years ended March 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively,
classified  within other (income) and expense,  net. The above schedule reflects
the reduced cost bases.

     The amortized cost and estimated  fair value of debt and equity  securities
at March 31, 2006, by contractual maturity, are shown below:

                                                                       ESTIMATED
                                                                          FAIR
                                                              COST       VALUE
                                                          ----------------------
      Due in one year or less............................  $   5,064  $   5,068
      Due in one to five years...........................      2,008      2,015
      Due in five to ten years...........................      3,787      3,901
                                                          ----------------------
                                                              10,859     10,984
      Equity securities..................................     13,828     16,612
                                                          ----------------------
                                                           $  24,687  $  27,596
                                                          ======================

     Net unrealized gain included in the balance sheet amounted to $2,909,000 at
March 31, 2006 and  $1,897,000  at March 31, 2005.  The amounts,  net of related
income  taxes  of   $1,018,000   and  $664,000  at  March  31,  2006  and  2005,
respectively,  are reflected as a component of accumulated  other  comprehensive
loss within shareholders' equity.


7.    PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT

     Consolidated property, plant, and equipment of the Company consisted of the
following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                           ---------------------------
                                                                                                    MARCH 31,
                                                                                           ---------------------------
                                                                                                2006          2005
                                                                                                ----          ----
<S>                                                                                          <C>           <C>
      Land and land improvements.........................................................    $   4,564     $   5,183
      Buildings..........................................................................       33,755        33,991
      Machinery, equipment, and leasehold improvements...................................      102,485        99,147
      Construction in progress...........................................................        1,736         2,089
                                                                                           ---------------------------
                                                                                               142,540       140,410
      Less accumulated depreciation......................................................       87,408        83,173
                                                                                           ---------------------------
      Net property, plant, and equipment.................................................    $  55,132     $  57,237
                                                                                           ===========================
</TABLE>

     Depreciation  expense was  $8,575,000,  $8,859,000,  and $9,743,000 for the
years ended March 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.


                                      F-13
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

8.    GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     As  discussed  in Note 2,  goodwill is not  amortized  but is  periodically
tested for  impairment,  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of  Statement  of
Financial  Accounting  Standards (SFAS) No. 142,  "Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets."  Goodwill  impairment  is  deemed  to exist if the net book  value of a
reporting unit exceeds its estimated  fair value.  The fair value of a reporting
unit is  determined  using a discounted  cash flow  methodology.  The  Company's
reporting units are determined based upon whether discrete financial information
is available and regularly reviewed,  whether those units constitute a business,
and the  extent of  economic  similarities  between  those  reporting  units for
purposes of  aggregation.  As a result of this  analysis,  the  reporting  units
identified  under SFAS No. 142 were at the component  level,  or one level below
the reporting  segment level as defined under SFAS No. 131. The Products segment
was  subdivided  into  three  reporting  units  and the  Solutions  segment  was
subdivided into two reporting units.

     Identifiable  intangible  assets  acquired  in a business  combination  are
amortized over their useful lives unless their useful lives are  indefinite,  in
which case those  intangible  assets are tested for impairment  annually and not
amortized until their lives are determined to be finite.

     No impairment charges were recorded during fiscal 2006, 2005 or 2004.

     A summary of changes in goodwill  during the years ended March 31, 2006 and
2005 by business segment is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              PRODUCTS       SOLUTIONS        TOTAL
                                                           -------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>            <C>
    Balance at March 31, 2004.............................  $   184,994    $         -    $   184,994
    Currency translation..................................          449              -            449
                                                           -------------------------------------------
    Balance at March 31, 2005.............................  $   185,443    $         -    $   185,443
    Currency translation..................................         (526)             -           (526)
                                                           -------------------------------------------
    Balance at March 31, 2006.............................  $   184,917    $         -    $   184,917
                                                           ===========================================
</TABLE>



     Other intangibles, net consists of the following:

                                                             -------------------
                                                                   MARCH 31,
                                                             -------------------
                                                                2006      2005
                                                                ----      ----
      Intangible pension assets.............................  $  2,148  $  1,537
      Patents and other, net................................       262       305
                                                             -------------------
      Other intangibles, net................................  $  2,410  $  1,842
                                                             ===================

     Only the patents and other,  net is subject to  amortization.  Based on the
current amount of patents and other, net, the estimated amortization expense for
each of the succeeding five years is expected to be $100,000,  $75,000, $50,000,
$28,000, and 9,000, respectively.



                                      F-14
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)



9.    ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

     Consolidated accrued liabilities of the Company consisted of the following:

                                                        ------------------------
                                                                 MARCH 31,
                                                        ------------------------
                                                             2006          2005
                                                             ----          ----
      Accrued payroll..................................  $  18,736    $  15,895
      Accrued pension cost.............................      5,987        4,325
      Interest payable.................................      6,199        8,097
      Accrued workers compensation.....................      2,959        2,959
      Accrued income taxes payable.....................      6,493        4,237
      Accrued postretirement benefit obligation........      1,620        2,100
      Accrued health insurance.........................      2,891        2,550
      Accrued general and product liability costs......      4,000        3,500
      Other accrued liabilities........................     12,379        8,665
                                                        ------------------------
                                                         $  61,264    $  52,328
                                                        ========================


      Consolidated other non-current liabilities of the Company consisted of the
following:

                                                        ------------------------
                                                                 MARCH 31,
                                                        ------------------------
                                                             2006          2005
                                                             ----          ----
      Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation....  $   4,856    $   5,273
      Accrued general and product liability costs......     16,969       12,594
      Accrued pension cost.............................     20,285       18,637
      Accrued workers compensation.....................      5,383        3,134
      Other non-current liabilities....................      2,996        2,365
                                                        ------------------------
                                                         $  50,489    $  42,003
                                                        ========================


                                      F-15
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

10.    DEBT

     Consolidated debt of the Company consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           -------------------------------
                                                                                                       MARCH 31,
                                                                                           -------------------------------
                                                                                                 2006           2005
                                                                                                 ----           ----
<S>                                                                                          <C>            <C>
      Revolving Credit Facility due February 22, 2010.....................................   $          -   $          -
      Previous Term Loan repaid and retired April 2005....................................              -          5,819
      10% Senior Secured Notes due August 1, 2010  with interest
         payable in semi-annual installments .............................................         67,384        115,000
      Other senior debt...................................................................            584            735
                                                                                           -------------------------------
      Total senior debt...................................................................         67,968        121,554
      8 7/8% Senior Subordinated Notes due November 1, 2013 with interest
         payable in semi-annual installments..............................................        136,000              -
      8 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes repaid and retired in October 2005.................              -        144,548
                                                                                           -------------------------------
      Total...............................................................................        203,968        266,102
      Less current portion................................................................            127          5,819
                                                                                           -------------------------------
                                                                                             $    203,841   $    260,283
                                                                                           ===============================
</TABLE>

     On March 16, 2006,  the Company  amended and expanded its revolving  credit
facility. The Revolving Credit Facility provides availability up to a maximum of
$75,000,000.  Provided there is no default, the Company may on a one-time basis,
request an increase in the  availability of the Revolving  Credit Facility by an
amount not exceeding $50,000,000 if all Senior Secured Notes have been repaid in
full  or  will be  repaid  in full  contemporaneously  with  such  increase,  or
$25,000,000 in the event that any Senior Secured Notes remain  outstanding.  The
unused  Revolving  Credit  Facility  totaled  $64,800,000,  net  of  outstanding
borrowings of $0 and outstanding  letters of credit of $10,200,000.  Interest on
the revolver is payable at varying Eurodollar rates based on LIBOR or prime plus
a spread  determined by our leverage  ratio  amounting to 100 or 0 basis points,
respectively, at March 31, 2006. The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by all
domestic  inventory,  receivables,  equipment,  real property,  subsidiary stock
(limited to 65% for foreign subsidiaries) and intellectual property.

     On  September 2, 2005,  the Company  issued  $136,000,000  of 8 7/8% Senior
Subordinated Notes (8 7/8% Notes) due November 1, 2013. Proceeds from the 8 7/8%
Notes and cash on hand were used to  repurchase  all of the  outstanding  8 1/2%
Senior  Subordinated  Notes (8 1/2% Notes).  The  repurchase of the 8 1/2% Notes
occurred at a premium  resulting  in a pre-tax loss on early  extinguishment  of
debt of $2,298,000.  As a result of the repurchase of the 8 1/2% Notes, $922,000
of pre-tax deferred  financing costs and $110,000 of the original issue discount
were  written-off.  The net effect of these items, a $3,330,000  pre-tax loss in
fiscal 2006, is shown as part of other (income) and expense, net.

     On July 22, 2003,  the Company  issued  $115,000,000  of 10% Senior Secured
Notes (10% Notes) due August 1, 2010.  Proceeds from this offering were used for
the repayment of various  outstanding debt instruments  including the repurchase
of $35,700,000 of the 8 1/2% Notes at a discount  ($30,060,000).  The redemption
in  fiscal  2004 of the 8 1/2%  Notes  occurred  at a  discount  resulting  in a
$5,640,000  pre-tax  gain on early  extinguishment  of debt.  As a result of the
repayment  of the various  outstanding  debt  instruments  including  the 8 1/2%
Notes, $4,925,000 of pre-tax deferred financing costs were written-off in fiscal
2004.  The net effect of these two items,  a $715,000  pre-tax gain, is shown as
part of other (income) and expense, net.

     During  fiscal 2006,  the Company  used a portion of the proceeds  from its
stock offering (see Note 14) to repurchase  $47,616,000 of the  outstanding  10%
Notes.  The  repurchase  of the 10% Notes  occurred at a premium  resulting in a
pre-tax loss on early  extinguishment of debt of $4,786,000.  As a result of the
repurchase of the 10% Notes,  $1,085,000 of pre-tax deferred financing costs was
written-off.  The net effect of these items, a $5,871,000 pre-tax loss in fiscal
2006, is shown as part of other (income) and expense, net.

     During  April  and May of  2006,  the  Company  repurchased  an  additional
$32,128,000 of the outstanding 10% Notes (see Note 24).


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


     The  corresponding  credit  agreement  associated with the Revolving Credit
Facility  places certain debt covenant  restrictions  on the Company,  including
certain  financial  requirements  and a restriction on dividend  payments,  with
which the Company was in compliance as of March 31, 2006.

     From time to time, the Company manages its debt portfolio by using interest
rate swaps to achieve an overall  desired  position of fixed and floating rates.
In June 2001,  the Company  entered  into an  interest  rate swap  agreement  to
effectively  convert $40,000,000 of variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt, which
matured in June 2003. This cash flow hedge was considered effective and the gain
or loss on the change in fair value was reported in other comprehensive  income,
net of tax.

     In August 2003, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to
convert  $93,500,000 of fixed-rate debt (10%) to variable-rate  debt (LIBOR plus
578.2 basis points) through August 2008 and $57,500,000 from August 2008 through
August 2010.  This interest rate swap was  considered an  ineffective  hedge and
therefore the change in fair value was  recognized in income as a gain. The swap
was  terminated in January 2004 and a pre-tax gain of $1,900,000  was recognized
as other income as a result of changes in the fair value of the swap.

     Provisions of the 8 7/8% Notes include, without limitation, restrictions on
indebtedness,  asset sales, and dividends and other restricted  payments.  Until
November 1, 2008, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the outstanding notes at a
redemption price of 108.875% with the proceeds of equity  offerings,  subject to
certain  restrictions.  The 8 7/8%  Notes are  redeemable  at the  option of the
Company,  in whole or in part, at prices declining  annually from the Make-Whole
Price (as defined in the 8 7/8% Notes  agreement) to 100% on and after  November
1, 2011.  In the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the  indenture  for
such notes), each holder of the 8 7/8% Notes may require us to repurchase all or
a portion of such holder's 8 7/8% Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the
principal  amount thereof.  The 8 7/8% Notes are guaranteed by certain  existing
and  future  domestic  subsidiaries  and are not  subject  to any  sinking  fund
requirements.

     Provisions of the 10% Notes include,  without  limitation,  restrictions on
liens,  indebtedness,  asset sales, and dividends and other restricted payments.
The 10% Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company,  in whole or in part,
at prices  declining  annually from the Make-Whole  Price (as defined in the 10%
Notes  agreement)  to 100% on and after August 1, 2009. In the event of a Change
of Control (as defined in the indenture for such notes),  each holder of the 10%
Notes may require the Company to  repurchase  all or a portion of such  holder's
10% Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof. The
10% Notes are guaranteed by certain  existing and future  domestic  subsidiaries
and are not subject to any  sinking  fund  requirements.  The 10% Notes are also
secured,  in a second lien  position,  by all domestic  inventory,  receivables,
equipment,  real  property,   subsidiary  stock  (limited  to  65%  for  foreign
subsidiaries) and intellectual property.

     The carrying amount of the Company's revolving credit facility approximates
the fair value based on current market rates. The Company's Senior Secured Notes
and  Senior  Subordinated  Notes  have  an  approximate  fair  market  value  of
$74,207,000 and $142,800,000,  respectively,  based on quoted market prices, the
total of which is more than their aggregate carrying amount of $203,384,000.

     The  principal  payments  scheduled  to be made as of March 31, 2006 on the
above debt, for the next five annual periods subsequent thereto,  are as follows
(in thousands):

          2007          $    127
          2008               117
          2009                53
          2010                33
          2011            67,411



                                      F-17
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

11.    RETIREMENT PLANS


     The Company  provides  defined benefit pension plans to certain  employees.
The  Company  uses  December 31 as the  measurement  date for all of its pension
plans.  The following  provides a  reconciliation  of benefit  obligation,  plan
assets, and funded status of the plans:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                                                                     MARCH 31,
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                                                              2006              2005
                                                                                              ----              ----
      Change in benefit obligation:
<S>                                                                                        <C>              <C>
           Benefit obligation at beginning of year.....................................    $   120,634      $   110,865
           Service cost................................................................          4,004            4,285
           Interest cost...............................................................          7,213            6,718
           Actuarial loss..............................................................          7,003            2,888
           Benefits paid...............................................................         (4,860)          (4,410)
           Foreign exchange rate changes...............................................            154              288
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
           Benefit obligation at end of year...........................................    $   134,148      $   120,634
                                                                                        ==================================

      Change in plan assets:
           Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year..............................    $    91,323      $    80,564
           Actual gain on plan assets..................................................          5,795            5,250
           Employer contribution.......................................................          7,816            9,673
           Benefits paid...............................................................         (4,860)          (4,410)
           Foreign exchange rate changes...............................................            132              246
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
           Fair value of plan assets at end of year....................................    $   100,206      $    91,323
                                                                                        ==================================

           Funded status ..............................................................    $   (33,942)     $   (29,311)
           Unrecognized actuarial loss.................................................         35,282           29,744
           Unrecognized prior service cost.............................................          2,148            1,537
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
           Net amount recognized.......................................................    $     3,488      $     1,970
                                                                                        ==================================

      Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                                                                   MARCH 31,
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
                                                                                              2006              2005
                                                                                              ----              ----
           Intangible asset............................................................    $     2,148      $     1,537
           Accrued liabilities.........................................................         (5,987)          (4,325)
           Other non-current liabilities...............................................        (20,284)         (18,637)
           Deferred tax effect of accumulated other comprehensive loss.................         11,038            8,823
           Accumulated other comprehensive loss........................................         16,573           14,572
                                                                                        ----------------------------------
           Net amount recognized.......................................................    $     3,488      $     1,970
                                                                                        ==================================
</TABLE>

      Net periodic pension cost included the following components:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           ------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                           ------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 2006             2005           2004
                                                                                 ----             ----           ----
<S>                                                                           <C>              <C>            <C>
      Service costs--benefits earned during the period....................    $    4,004       $    4,285     $    3,921
      Interest cost on projected benefit obligation.......................         7,213            6,719          6,711
      Expected return on plan assets......................................        (6,753)          (6,666)        (5,404)
      Net amortization....................................................         2,518            4,033          1,978
                                                                           ------------------------------------------------
      Net periodic pension cost...........................................    $    6,982       $    8,371     $    7,206
                                                                           ================================================
</TABLE>

     The fiscal 2005 pension  expense  includes a one-time,  non-cash  charge of
$2,037,000 relating to a defined benefit plan at one of our foreign operations.

     The  accumulated  benefit  obligation  for all  defined  benefit  plans was
$126,196,000 and $113,486,000 as of March 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


     Information for pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess
of plan assets is as follows:

                                                      --------------------------
                                                               MARCH 31,
                                                      --------------------------
                                                            2006         2005
                                                            ----         ----
           Projected benefit obligation..............  $   134,148  $   120,634
           Fair value of plan assets.................      100,206       91,323

     Information  for pension plans with an  accumulated  benefit  obligation in
excess of plan assets is as follows:

                                                      --------------------------
                                                               MARCH 31,
                                                      --------------------------
                                                            2006         2005
                                                            ----         ----
           Accumulated benefit obligation............  $   126,196  $   113,486
           Fair value of plan assets.................      100,206       91,323

     Unrecognized  gains and losses are amortized on a straight-line  basis over
the average remaining service period of active participants.

     The weighted-average assumptions in the following table represent the rates
used to develop the actuarial present value of the projected benefit  obligation
for the year listed and also net periodic pension cost for the following year:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  MARCH 31,
                                                            --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2006          2005          2004          2003
                                                            --------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
      Discount rate........................................      5.75%         6.00%         6.25%         6.75%
      Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.....      7.50          8.25          8.40          8.50
      Rate of compensation increase........................      4.00          4.00          4.00          4.00
</TABLE>

     The  expected  rate of  return on plan  asset  assumptions  are  determined
considering historical averages and real returns on each asset class.

     The Company's  retirement  plan target and actual asset  allocations are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  MARCH 31,
                                                            --------------------------------------------------------
                                                               TARGET                             ACTUAL
                                                            ---------------            -----------------------------
                                                                2007                        2006          2005
                                                            ---------------            -----------------------------
<S>                                                               <C>                         <C>           <C>
      Equity securities....................................       70%                         56%           55%
      Fixed income.........................................       30                          44            45
                                                            ---------------            -----------------------------
      Total plan assets....................................      100%                        100%          100%
                                                            ===============            =============================
</TABLE>

     The Company has an  investment  objective  for  domestic  pension  plans to
adequately  provide  for both the growth  and  liquidity  needed to support  all
current and future benefit payment  obligations.  The investment  strategy is to
invest in a  diversified  portfolio  of assets which are expected to satisfy the
aforementioned  objective and produce both  absolute and risk  adjusted  returns
competitive  with a  benchmark  that is a blend of the S&P 500 and an  aggregate
bond fund.  The shift to the targeted  allocation is the result of  management's
re-evaluation  of its investment  allocation.  The targeted  allocation  will be
accomplished  as some plan assets  governed by collective  bargaining  contracts
will be  transferred  from  fixed  income  into  equity  securities,  as well as
reallocation  of remaining  assets to achieve the desired  balance during fiscal
2007.

     The Company's  funding policy with respect to the defined  benefit  pension
plans is to  contribute  annually  at least the minimum  amount  required by the
Employee   Retirement   Income   Security  Act  of  1974   (ERISA).   Additional
contributions  may be made to minimize  PBGC  premiums.  The Company  expects to
contribute $5,987,000 to its pension plans in fiscal 2007.


                                      F-19
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     Information  about the expected benefit payments for the Company's  defined
benefit plans is as follows:


          2007                     $     5,079
          2008                           6,174
          2009                           5,888
          2010                           6,487
          2011                           7,084
          2012-2016                     46,221

     The Company also sponsors defined contribution plans covering substantially
all   domestic   employees.   Participants   may  elect  to   contribute   basic
contributions. These plans provide for employer contributions based primarily on
employee participation.  The Company recorded a charge for such contributions of
approximately  $1,476,000,  $673,000  and $635,000 for the years ended March 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.


12.    EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN (ESOP)

     The AICPA Statement of Position 93-6,  "Employers'  Accounting for Employee
Stock  Ownership  Plans" requires that  compensation  expense for ESOP shares be
measured  based on the fair value of those shares when  committed to be released
to employees, rather than based on their original cost. Also, dividends on those
ESOP shares that have not been  allocated  or  committed  to be released to ESOP
participants  are not  reflected  as a reduction of retained  earnings.  Rather,
since  those  dividends  are used for debt  service,  a charge  to  compensation
expense is recorded.  Furthermore,  ESOP shares that have not been  allocated or
committed  to be  released  are  not  considered  outstanding  for  purposes  of
calculating earnings per share.

     The obligation of the ESOP to repay borrowings  incurred to purchase shares
of the Company's  common stock is guaranteed by the Company;  the unpaid balance
of such borrowings, if any, would be reflected in the consolidated balance sheet
as a liability.  An amount equivalent to the cost of the  collateralized  common
stock  and  representing  deferred  employee  benefits  has been  recorded  as a
deduction from shareholders' equity.

     Substantially  all  of  the  Company's  domestic  non-union  employees  are
participants in the ESOP.  Contributions  to the plan result from the release of
collateralized  shares as debt service payments are made.  Compensation  expense
amounting  to $653,000,  $296,000  and  $200,000 in fiscal 2006,  2005 and 2004,
respectively,  is recorded based on the guaranteed release of the ESOP shares at
their fair market  value.  Dividends  on  allocated  ESOP  shares,  if any,  are
recorded  as a  reduction  of  retained  earnings  and are  applied  toward debt
service.

     At  March  31,  2006  and  2005,   723,618  and  795,791  of  ESOP  shares,
respectively,  were  allocated or  available  to be  allocated to  participants'
accounts.  At March 31,  2006 and 2005,  249,821 and 284,695 of ESOP shares were
pledged as collateral to guarantee the ESOP term loans.

     The fair market value of unearned ESOP shares at March 31, 2006 amounted to
$6,728,000.


13.    POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATION

     The Company sponsors defined benefit  postretirement health care plans that
provide  medical and life insurance  coverage to certain  domestic  retirees and
their  dependents of one of its  subsidiaries.  Prior to the acquisition of this
subsidiary,  the Company did not sponsor any  postretirement  benefit plans. The
Company  pays the majority of the medical  costs for certain  retirees and their
spouses  who are under age 65. For  retirees  and  dependents  of  retirees  who
retired  prior  to  January  1,  1989,  and  are  age 65 or  over,  the  Company
contributes  100% toward the American  Association of Retired  Persons  ("AARP")
premium  frozen at the 1992 level.  For retirees and  dependents of retirees who
retired after January 1, 1989, the Company  contributes $35 per month toward the
AARP premium. The life insurance plan is noncontributory.


                                      F-20
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     On  December  8, 2003,  Congress  passed the  Medicare  Prescription  Drug,
Improvement,  and Modernization Act of 2003 ("Medicare Act"). In March 2004, the
FASB issued Staff Position No FAS 106-2 "Accounting and Disclosure  Requirements
Related to the Medicare  Prescription  Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of
2003 ("FSP No 106-2")," which provides accounting guidance on how to account for
the  effects  of  the  Medicare  Act  on   postretirement   plans  that  provide
prescription drug benefits.  The Medicare Act also requires certain  disclosures
regarding the effect of the subsidy provided by the Medicare Act.  Additionally,
FSP 106-2 provides two transition methods - retroactive to the date of enactment
or prospective from the date of adoption. The Company elected to adopt FAS 106-2
and apply the  prospective  transition  method in the  second  quarter of fiscal
2005. The accumulated post retirement benefit obligation decreased $2,339,000 as
of July 4,  2004 and net  periodic  postretirement  benefit  cost  decreased  by
$225,000 for fiscal 2005. As a result of delays in filing the required paperwork
to receive the  prescription  drug benefits  under the Medicare Act, the benefit
obligation  has been  adjusted  at March 31,  2006 to reflect an increase in the
liability that will be charged to net periodic  postretirement benefit cost over
the average  remaining  service  period of the  participants.  The Company still
expects to file the  required  paperwork  at some point in the future to receive
the  benefit.  The impact of the delayed  filing was not material to the benefit
obligation at March 31, 2006 or net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the
year end March 31, 2006.

     The  Company's  postretirement  health  benefit  plans are not  funded.  In
accordance  with FAS No. 132  "Employers'  Disclosures  about Pensions and Other
Postretirement  Benefits," the following sets forth a reconciliation  of benefit
obligation and the funded status of the plan:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    ----------------------------------
                                                                                               MARCH 31,
                                                                                    ----------------------------------
                                                                                         2006             2005
                                                                                         ----             ----
      Change in benefit obligation:
<S>                                                                                    <C>             <C>
           Benefit obligation at beginning of year.................................    $    12,927     $    15,984
           Service cost............................................................              6              17
           Interest cost...........................................................            751             834
           Amendment...............................................................              -          (2,339)
           Actuarial loss..........................................................            601             460
           Benefits paid...........................................................         (2,064)         (2,029)
                                                                                    ----------------------------------
              Benefit obligation at end of year....................................    $    12,221     $    12,927
                                                                                    ==================================

           Funded status ..........................................................    $   (12,221)    $   (12,927)
           Unrecognized actuarial loss.............................................          5,745           5,554
                                                                                    ----------------------------------
           Net amount recognized in accrued and other non-current liabilities......    $    (6,476)    $    (7,373)
                                                                                    ==================================
</TABLE>


     Net periodic postretirement benefit cost included the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               ---------------------------------------
                                                                                         YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                               ---------------------------------------
                                                                                   2006         2005         2004
                                                                                   ----         ----         ----
<S>                                                                                <C>         <C>          <C>
      Service cost--benefits attributed to service during the period..........     $    6      $   17       $   11
      Interest cost...........................................................        751         834          869
      Amortization of prior service gain......................................          -           -         (153)
      Amortization of plan net losses.........................................        411         460          643
                                                                               ---------------------------------------
           Net periodic postretirement benefit cost...........................     $1,168      $1,311       $1,370
                                                                               =======================================
</TABLE>

     For measurement  purposes,  healthcare costs were assumed to increase 9% in
fiscal 2007, grading down over time to 5% in seven years. The discount rate used
in determining the accumulated  postretirement  benefit obligation was 5.75% and
6.00% as of March 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.



                                      F-21
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     Information   about  the  expected   benefit  payments  for  the  Company's
postretirement health benefit plans is as follows:

          2007                     $     1,620
          2008                           1,529
          2009                           1,441
          2010                           1,323
          2011                           1,315
          2012-2016                      5,250


     Assumed  medical  claims  cost trend  rates  have an effect on the  amounts
reported  for the health care plans.  A  one-percentage  point change in assumed
health care cost trend rates would have the following effects:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               ONE PERCENTAGE        ONE PERCENTAGE
                                                                               POINT INCREASE        POINT DECREASE
                                                                           ---------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>                 <C>
           Effect on total of service and interest cost components........          $      40           $     (36)
           Effect on postretirement obligation............................                724                (656)
</TABLE>

14. EARNINGS PER SHARE AND STOCK PLANS

   EARNINGS PER SHARE

     The Company  calculates  earnings per share in accordance with Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 128,  "Earnings  per Share" (FAS No. 128).
Basic earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options, warrants, and
convertible securities. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects
of stock options.

     The  following  table  sets  forth the  computation  of basic  and  diluted
earnings per share:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
                                                                            2006             2005              2004
                                                                            ----             ----              ----
      Numerator for basic and diluted earnings per share:
<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>               <C>
         Income from continuing operations...........................   $       59,100   $       16,067    $        1,193
         Income from discontinued operations.........................              696              643                 -
                                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
           Net income ...............................................   $       59,796   $       16,710    $        1,193
                                                                      =====================================================

      Denominators:
         Weighted-average common stock outstanding--
           denominator for basic EPS.................................           16,052           14,594            14,553
         Effect of dilutive employee stock options...................              576              209                 1
                                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
         Adjusted weighted-average common stock
           outstanding and assumed conversions--
           denominator for diluted EPS...............................           16,628           14,803            14,554
                                                                      =====================================================
</TABLE>

     The  weighted-average  common  stock  outstanding  shown  above  is  net of
unallocated ESOP shares (see Note 12).

     During fiscal 2006, the Company  registered an additional  3,350,000 shares
of its common  stock  which were sold at $20.00 per share.  The number of shares
offered by the  Company was  3,000,000  and  350,000  were  offered by a selling
shareholder. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by
the selling  shareholder.  This stock offering  increased the Company's weighted
average common stock  outstanding by 1,134,000 shares for fiscal 2006. A portion
of the  proceeds  received  by the  Company  were  used  to  redeem  $47,616,000
principal  amount of the Company's  outstanding  10% Senior Secured  Notes.  The
balance of the proceeds is available  for other  general  corporate  purposes to
advance the Company's  strategy of global  growth,  additional  debt  repayment,
investments and acquisitions.


                                      F-22
<PAGE>
                         COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

   STOCK PLANS

     The Company maintains two stock option plans, a Non-Qualified  Stock Option
Plan  (Non-Qualified  Plan) and an Incentive Stock Option Plan (Incentive Plan).
Under the Non-Qualified  Plan,  options may be granted to officers and other key
employees of the Company as well as to non-employee  directors and advisors.  As
of March 31,  2006,  no  options  have been  granted to  non-employees.  Options
granted under the  Non-Qualified  and Incentive Plans become  exercisable over a
four-year  period at the rate of 25% per year  commencing one year from the date
of grant at an exercise  price of not less than 100% of the fair market value of
the  common  stock  on  the  date  of  grant.   Any  option  granted  under  the
Non-Qualified plan may be exercised not earlier than one year from the date such
option is granted.  Any option granted under the Incentive Plan may be exercised
not earlier  than one year and not later than 10 years from the date such option
is granted.

     A summary of option  transactions  during each of the three fiscal years in
the period ended March 31, 2006 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
                                                                               SHARES              EXERCISE PRICE
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                   <C>
    Balance at March 31, 2003.......................................            1,311,750             $      14.05
       Granted......................................................               45,000                     6.92
       Cancelled....................................................             (126,900)                   14.28
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------
    Balance at March 31, 2004.......................................            1,229,850             $      13.77
       Granted......................................................              741,500                     6.41
       Exercised....................................................              (52,000)                    8.25
       Cancelled....................................................             (116,550)                   13.82
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------
    Balance at March 31, 2005.......................................            1,802,800             $      10.89
       Granted......................................................               45,000                    21.61
       Exercised....................................................             (626,282)                   11.41
       Cancelled....................................................              (89,400)                    7.76
                                                                      --------------------------------------------------
    Balance at March 31, 2006.......................................            1,132,118             $      11.28
                                                                      ==================================================
</TABLE>

     A summary of exercisable and available for grant options is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                          YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                    2006           2005           2004
                                                                                    ----           ----           ----
<S>                                                                               <C>            <C>            <C>
      Exercisable at end of year...........................................       605,243        926,050        851,425
      Available for grant at end of year...................................       172,100        127,700        752,650
</TABLE>

     Exercise prices for options  outstanding as of March 31, 2006,  ranged from
$5.46 to $29.00.  The following table provides certain  information with respect
to stock options outstanding at March 31, 2006:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                  WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
                                                    STOCK OPTIONS         WEIGHTED-AVERAGE     REMAINING CONTRACTUAL
           RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES                  OUTSTANDING           EXERCISE PRICE               LIFE
           ------------------------                  -----------           --------------               ----
<S>                                                    <C>                   <C>                         <C>
           Up to $10.00......................          702,000               $    6.91                   7.3
           $10.01 to $20.00..................          175,568                   14.32                   4.9
           $20.01 to $30.00..................          254,550                   21.25                   4.1
                                               -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     1,132,118               $   11.28                   6.2
                                               =========================================================================
</TABLE>

     The following  table  provides  certain  information  with respect to stock
options exercisable at March 31, 2006:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            STOCK OPTIONS           WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
                       RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES                              OUTSTANDING             EXERCISE PRICE
                       ------------------------                              -----------             --------------
<S>                                                                               <C>                 <C>
           Up to $10.00.............................................              276,375             $       8.95
           $10.01 to $20.00.........................................              119,318                    14.51
           $20.01 to $30.00.........................................              209,550                    21.18
                                                                           --------------             ------------
                                                                                  605,243             $      14.28
                                                                           ==============             ============
</TABLE>

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     The Company has elected to follow  Accounting  Principles Board Opinion No.
25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to Employees"  (APB 25) in accounting for its
employee stock options  because,  as discussed below, the alternative fair value
accounting  provided  for  under  FAS  No.  123,   "Accounting  for  Stock-Based
Compensation,"  requires use of option  valuation models that were not developed
for use in valuing  employee stock  options.  Under APB 25, because the exercise
price of the Company's  employee  stock  options  equals the market price of the
underlying  stock on the grant date and the number of options  granted is fixed,
no compensation expense is recognized.

     Pro forma  information  regarding  net  income  and  earnings  per share is
required by FAS No. 123, and has been determined as if the Company had accounted
for its employee  stock options  under the fair value method of that  Statement.
The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded  options which have no vesting  restrictions  and are fully
transferable.  In addition,  option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective  assumptions  including the expected stock price volatility.  Because
the  Company's  employee  stock  options  have   characteristics   significantly
different from those of traded  options,  and because  changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's
opinion,  the  existing  models do not  necessarily  provide a  reliable  single
measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

     For  purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the  estimated  fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period. The fair value
for issued  options in fiscal 2006,  2005 and 2004 was  estimated at the date of
grant  using  a   Black-Scholes   option   pricing   model  with  the  following
weighted-average assumptions:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                      YEAR ENDED          YEAR ENDED         YEAR ENDED
                                                    MARCH 31, 2006      MARCH 31, 2005     MARCH 31, 2004
                                                   -------------------------------------------------------
Assumptions:
<S>                                                      <C>                 <C>                <C>
     Risk-free interest rate....................         4.5 %               4.9 %              4.5 %
     Dividend yield--Incentive Plan.............         0.0 %               0.0 %              0.0 %
     Volatility factor..........................         0.615               0.569              0.567
     Expected life--Incentive Plan..............       5 years             5 years            5 years
</TABLE>

     The  weighted-average  fair value of options granted in 2006, 2005 and 2004
was $12.13, $3.45 and $3.68 per share, respectively.

     The Company  maintains a Restricted Stock Plan, under which the Company had
48,000 and 49,000  shares  reserved  for  issuance  at March 31,  2006 and 2005,
respectively.   The  Company  charges  unearned  compensation,  a  component  of
shareholders'  equity, for the market value of shares, as they are issued. It is
then  ratably  amortized  over  the  restricted  period.  Grantees  that  remain
continuously  employed with the Company become vested in their shares five years
after the date of the grant.  1,000  shares  were  issued  during the year ended
March 31, 2006.  No shares were issued  during the years ended March 31, 2005 or
2004.

15.    LOSS CONTINGENCIES

     From  time to time,  the  Company  is named a  defendant  in legal  actions
arising out of the normal course of business.  The Company is not a party to any
pending legal proceeding other than ordinary,  routine litigation  incidental to
our  business.  The Company does not believe that any of our pending  litigation
will have a material impact on its business.

     GENERAL AND PRODUCT  LIABILITY--  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006,
the Company  reevaluated the predictability of future cash flows associated with
its  self-insured  product  liability and asbestos  reserves and concluded  that
future cash payments related to reserves for nonasbestos  claims could no longer
be discounted due to their underlying uncertainty.  Reserves for asbestos claims
continue to be discounted at a risk free rate. This change in estimate  resulted
in a  reduction  in the  discount  recorded  by  the  company  of  approximately
$1,578,000  ($0.09 diluted EPS impact for fiscal 2006). The gross reserves as of
March 31, 2006 and 2005 were  $23,329,000 and  $19,653,000,  respectively.  This
liability is funded by investments in marketable securities (see Notes 2 and 6).


                                      F-24
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     The following table provides a  reconciliation  of the beginning and ending
balances for accrued general and product liability:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                       2006             2005             2004
                                                                       ----             ----             ----
<S>                                                                  <C>              <C>             <C>
      Accrued general and product liability, beginning of year..     $ 16,094         $ 15,930        $ 14,439
      Add impact of change in discount estimate.................        1,578                -               -
      Add provision for claims..................................        6,342            5,780           5,398
      Deduct payments for claims................................       (3,045)          (5,616)         (3,907)
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
      Accrued general and product liability, end of year........     $ 20,969         $ 16,094        $ 15,930
                                                                 ===================================================
</TABLE>

     The per  occurrence  limits on our  self-insurance  for general and product
liability  coverage to Columbus  McKinnon were $2,000,000 from inception through
fiscal 2003 and  $3,000,000 for fiscal 2004 and  thereafter.  In addition to the
per  occurrence  limits,  the  Company's  coverage is also  subject to an annual
aggregate  limit,  applicable to losses only. These limits range from $2,000,000
to $6,000,000 for each policy year from inception through fiscal 2006.

     Along with other manufacturing companies, the Company is subject to various
federal, state and local laws relating to the protection of the environment.  To
address  the  requirements  of such laws,  the  Company  has adopted a corporate
environmental  protection  policy which provides that all of its owned or leased
facilities  shall,  and all of its  employees  have the duty to, comply with all
applicable  environmental regulatory standards, and the Company has initiated an
environmental auditing program for our facilities to ensure compliance with such
regulatory   standards.    The   Company   has   also   established   managerial
responsibilities   and   internal   communication   channels  for  dealing  with
environmental  compliance  issues that may arise in the course of our  business.
Because  of the  complexity  and  changing  nature of  environmental  regulatory
standards, it is possible that situations will arise from time to time requiring
the Company to incur  expenditures in order to ensure  environmental  regulatory
compliance.  However, the Company is not aware of any environmental condition or
any operation at any of its facilities, either individually or in the aggregate,
which would cause  expenditures  having a material adverse effect on its results
of  operations,  financial  condition  or cash flows and,  accordingly,  has not
budgeted any material  capital  expenditures  for  environmental  compliance for
fiscal 2007.

     Like  many   industrial   manufacturers,   the   Company  is   involved  in
asbestos-related  litigation.  In continually  evaluating  costs relating to its
estimated  asbestos-related  liability, the Company reviews, among other things,
the incidence of past and recent claims, the historical case dismissal rate, the
mix of the claimed  illnesses and occupations of the plaintiffs,  its recent and
historical  resolution of the cases, the number of cases pending against it, the
status and  results of  broad-based  settlement  discussions,  and the number of
years such  activity  might  continue.  Based on this  review,  the  Company has
estimated its share of liability to defend and resolve probable asbestos-related
personal injury claims. This estimate is highly uncertain due to the limitations
of the available data and the  difficulty of forecasting  with any certainty the
numerous variables that can affect the range of the liability.  The Company will
continue to study the variables in light of additional  information  in order to
identify  trends that may become evident and to assess their impact on the range
of liability that is probable and estimable.


                                      F-25
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     Based  on   actuarial   information,   the   Company  has   estimated   its
asbestos-related  aggregate  liability through March 31, 2031 and March 31, 2082
to range  between  $5,500,000  and  $19,000,000  using  actuarial  parameters of
continued claims for a period of 25 to 76 years. The Company's estimation of its
asbestos-related   aggregate  liability  that  is  probable  and  estimable,  in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles,  is through March
31, 2031 and ranges from  $5,500,000  to  $6,500,000  as of March 31, 2006.  The
range of probable and estimable liability reflects  uncertainty in the number of
future claims that will be filed and the cost to resolve those claims, which may
be  influenced  by a number of  factors,  including  the  outcome of the ongoing
broad-based  settlement  negotiations,  defensive  strategies,  and the  cost to
resolve  claims  outside  the  broad-based  settlement  program.  Based  on  the
underlying  actuarial  information,  the Company has  reflected  $6,300,000 as a
liability in the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  accordance  with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. The increase in the recorded liability
from the amount of  $4,800,000 at March 31, 2005 is due to a change in actuarial
parameters used to calculate  required asbestos  liability  reserve levels.  The
recorded  liability  does not  consider  the impact of any  potential  favorable
federal  legislation such as the "FAIR Act." Of this amount,  management expects
to incur asbestos liability payments of approximately  $500,000 over the next 12
months.  Because  payment of the  liability is likely to extend over many years,
management believes that the potential additional costs for claims will not have
a material  after-tax  effect on the  financial  condition of the Company or its
liquidity,  although the net after-tax effect of any future liabilities recorded
could be material to earnings in a future period.

16.    RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

     The Company has analyzed its global capacity requirements and, as a result,
began a series of facility  rationalization  projects in early fiscal 2002.  The
decision to close or  significantly  reorganize  the  facilities  identified was
based upon the cost structure of those facilities  relative to others within the
Company.  Production  operations were transferred to other facilities within the
same reporting segment, to better utilize their available capacity.

     During fiscal 2006, the Company recorded  restructuring costs of $1,609,000
related to  environmental  remediation  charges,  inventory  disposal costs, and
facility costs as a result of the continued closure,  merging and reorganization
of the  Company.  $1,000,000  and  $600,000  of these  costs are  related to the
Products and Solutions segments,  respectively.  The charges primarily relate to
the cost of removal of certain environmentally hazardous materials in accordance
with SFAS No.  143  "Accounting  for Asset  Retirement  Obligations"  and FIN 47
($600,000)  and inventory  disposal  related to the  rationalization  of certain
product families within our mechanical jacks line  ($400,000).  In addition,  we
have accrued  additional costs of maintenance of a non-operating  facility based
on anticipated sale date  ($300,000).  The costs associated with the disposal of
this facility were originally accrued as a result of the restructuring occurring
prior to the  adoption  of SFAS No. 146 SFAS No. 146  "Accounting  for the Costs
Associated  with  Exit or  Disposal  Activities."  As of  March  31,  2006,  the
liability  primarily  consists  of costs  associated  with the  preparation  and
maintenance of a  non-operating  facility and  environmental  remediation  costs
which were accrued in accordance with SFAS No. 143. The Company has one facility
that is completely closed and prepared for disposal.

     During fiscal 2005, the Company  recorded  restructuring  costs of $910,000
related to various employee  termination benefits and facility costs as a result
of the continued closure,  merging and  reorganization of the Company.  $600,000
and $300,000 of these costs are related to the Products and Solutions  segments,
respectively.  The charges  primarily  relate to the  maintenance  of facilities
being  expensed on an as incurred  basis in accordance  with SFAS No. 146. As of
March 31, 2005, the liability  primarily  consisted of costs associated with the
preparation and maintenance of a non-operating  facility prior to disposal which
were  accrued  prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 146. Due to changes in the real
estate market and a  reassessment  of the fair value of the property,  the asset
was written-down by $300,000 during fiscal 2005.

     During fiscal 2004, the Company recorded  restructuring costs of $1,239,000
related to various employee  termination benefits and facility costs as a result
of  the  continued  closure,  merging  and  reorganization  of the  Company  and
completion of the two open  projects from fiscal 2003.  $800,000 and $400,000 of
these costs are related to the Products and  Solutions  segments,  respectively.
Approximately  130 employees were  terminated at the various  facilities.  As of
March  31,  2004,  the  liability  consisted  of  severance  payments  and costs
associated  with the preparation  and  maintenance of  non-operating  facilities
prior to  disposal  which were  accrued  prior to the  adoption  of SFAS No. 146
"Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities."

                                      F-26
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     The  following  provides  a  reconciliation  of  the  activity  related  to
restructuring reserves:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                 ---------------------------------------
                                                                                  EMPLOYEE     FACILITY        TOTAL
<S>                                                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>
      Reserve at March 31, 2003.................................................    $    922     $  1,409     $  2,331
      Fiscal 2004 restructuring charges.........................................       1,005          234        1,239
      Cash payments.............................................................      (1,766)      (1,243)      (3,009)
                                                                                 ---------------------------------------
      Reserve at March 31, 2004.................................................    $    161     $    400     $    561
      Fiscal 2005 restructuring charges.........................................          81          829          910
      Cash payments.............................................................        (226)        (801)      (1,027)
      Write-down of non-operating property......................................           -         (300)        (300)
                                                                                 ---------------------------------------
      Reserve at March 31, 2005.................................................    $     16     $    128     $    144
      Fiscal 2006 restructuring charges.........................................         358        1,251        1,609
      Cash payments.............................................................        (315)        (645)        (960)
                                                                                 ---------------------------------------
      Reserve at March 31, 2006.................................................    $     59     $    734     $    793
                                                                                 =======================================
</TABLE>


17.    INCOME TAXES

     The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying
the  statutory  federal  income tax rate to income  from  continuing  operations
before income tax expense. The sources and tax effects of the difference were as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                         YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                 2006           2005           2004
                                                                                 ----           ----           ----
<S>                                                                           <C>            <C>            <C>
      Expected tax at 35%..................................................   $     9,854    $     6,617    $     1,821
      State income taxes net of federal benefit............................           705            363            614
      Foreign taxes greater (less) than statutory provision................            41           (579)           905
      Permanent items......................................................           370              -              -
      Benefit of worthless stock deduction.................................             -              -        (44,815)
      Research and development credit......................................             -              -         (1,058)
      Valuation allowance..................................................       (44,237)        (4,435)        46,974
      Other................................................................         2,321            230           (432)
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
      Actual tax (benefit) provision.......................................   $   (30,946)   $     2,196    $     4,009
                                                                            ==============================================

      The provision for income tax (benefit) expense consisted of the following:
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                         YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                 2006           2005           2004
                                                                                 ----           ----           ----
      Current income tax expense (benefit):
           United States Federal...........................................   $       856    $      (426)   $       147
           State taxes.....................................................         1,084            559            928
           Foreign.........................................................         4,082          3,034          2,779
      Deferred income tax (benefit) expense:
           United States...................................................       (37,099)             -            880
           Foreign.........................................................           131           (971)          (725)
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                              $   (30,946)   $     2,196    $     4,009
                                                                            ==============================================

</TABLE>



                                      F-27
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     The Company applies the liability  method of accounting for income taxes as
required  by FAS  Statement  No.  109,  "Accounting  for Income  Taxes." The tax
effects of temporary  differences that give rise to significant  portions of the
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
                                                                                                    MARCH 31,
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
                                                                                               2006             2005
                                                                                               ----             ----
      Deferred tax assets:
<S>                                                                                       <C>               <C>
         Federal net operating loss carryforwards.....................................    $     29,075      $     34,292
         State net operating loss carryforwards.......................................           6,301             6,750
         Employee benefit plans.......................................................           9,518             7,929
         Asset reserves...............................................................           2,384             2,596
         Insurance reserves...........................................................           7,283             6,558
         Accrued vacation and incentive costs.........................................           1,980             2,077
         Capital loss carryforwards...................................................               -               708
         Other........................................................................           6,337             6,543
         Valuation allowance..........................................................          (6,301)          (50,538)
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
           Gross deferred tax assets                                                            56,577            16,915
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
      Deferred tax liabilities:
         Inventory reserves...........................................................          (3,398)           (3,050)
         Property, plant, and equipment...............................................          (2,822)           (4,321)
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
           Gross deferred tax liabilities.............................................          (6,220)           (7,371)
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
              Net deferred tax assets.................................................    $     50,357      $      9,544
                                                                                       ===================================
</TABLE>


     As of March 31,  2006,  the Company had U.S.  federal  net  operating  loss
carryforwards of approximately $83,070,000. The net operating loss carryforwards
arose in fiscal 2004 primarily as a result of a worthless  stock deduction taken
on the Company's  March 31, 2003 federal income tax return  relating to the sale
of substantially  all of the assets of a domestic  subsidiary.  If not utilized,
these carryforwards will expire in fiscal years 2023 and 2024.

     A valuation  allowance of $50,538,000  existed at March 31, 2005 due to the
uncertainly of whether the Company's operating loss carryforwards,  deferred tax
assets and capital loss carryforwards might ultimately be realized. We were able
to utilize  $14,906,000 of the federal  operating loss  carryforwards  in fiscal
2006 which reduced the  valuation  allowance by  $5,217,000.  As a result of the
increased operating  performance of the Company over the past several years, the
Company  reevaluated  the  certainty as to whether the  Company's  remaining net
operating  loss  carryforwards  and other  deferred tax assets may ultimately be
realized.  As a result of the determination that it is more likely than not that
all of the remaining  deferred tax assets will be realized with the exception of
state net operating loss  carryforwards,  a significant portion of the remaining
valuation allowance was reversed in fiscal 2006.

     Deferred income taxes are classified within the consolidated balance sheets
based on the following breakdown:

                                                     --------------------------
                                                               MARCH 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                         2006          2005
                                                         ----          ----
      Net current deferred tax asset................  $   6,513      $   4,977
      Net non-current deferred tax asset............     46,065          6,122
      Net current deferred tax liability............     (1,189)          (816)
      Net non-current deferred tax liability........     (1,032)          (739)
                                                     --------------------------
           Net deferred tax asset...................  $  50,357      $   9,544
                                                     ==========================

     The net current deferred tax asset, net current deferred tax liability, and
net non-current deferred tax liability are included in prepaid expenses, accrued
liabilities, and other non-current liabilities, respectively.


                                      F-28
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     Income from  continuing  operations  before  income tax  (benefit)  expense
includes foreign subsidiary income of $13,034,000, $8,588,000 and $3,687,000 for
the years ended March 31, 2006,  2005, and 2004,  respectively.  As of March 31,
2006,  the  Company  had  unrecognized   deferred  tax  liabilities  related  to
approximately  $24  million  of  cumulative  undistributed  earnings  of foreign
subsidiaries.  These  earnings  are  considered  to be  permanently  invested in
operations   outside  the  United  States.   Determination   of  the  amount  of
unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability with respect to such earnings is
not practicable.

     In the year  ended  March 31,  2006,  581,064  shares of common  stock were
issued  through  the  exercise  of  non-qualified  stock  options or through the
disqualifying  disposition of incentive stock options.  The total tax benefit to
the Company from these  transactions,  which is credited to  additional  paid-in
capital  rather  than  recognized  as a  reduction  of income tax  expense,  was
$2,154,000  in  2006.   This  tax  benefit  has  also  been  recognized  in  the
consolidated balance sheet as a reduction of deferred income taxes payable.

     The Company  reviewed the  provisions  of the American Jobs Creation Act of
2004. The American Jobs Creation Act had no material impact on the operations of
the Company for fiscal year 2006.

18.     RENTAL EXPENSE AND LEASE COMMITMENTS

     Rental  expense  for the  years  ended  March 31,  2006,  2005 and 2004 was
$3,914,000,  $3,718,000,  and $3,594,000,  respectively.  The following  amounts
represent  future  minimum  payment  commitments  as of  March  31,  2006  under
non-cancelable operating leases extending beyond one year:

                                                     VEHICLES AND
      YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,        REAL PROPERTY        EQUIPMENT         TOTAL
      --------------------        -------------        ---------         -----
      2007....................     $      1,279       $     2,156       $  3,435
      2008....................            1,333             1,645          2,978
      2009....................            1,267             1,305          2,572
      2010....................            1,108               975          2,083
      2011....................              704               676          1,380



                                      F-29
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


19.    SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     The following  information sets forth the condensed  consolidating  summary
financial  information  of the parent and  guarantors,  which  guarantee the 10%
Senior  Secured  Notes  and  the 8  7/8%  Senior  Subordinated  Notes,  and  the
nonguarantors.  The  guarantors  are wholly owned and the  guarantees  are full,
unconditional, joint and several.


As of and for the year ended March 31, 2006:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  NON
                                                    PARENT      GUARANTORS    GUARANTORS    ELIMINATIONS    CONSOLIDATED
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2006:
 Current assets:
<S>                                               <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>             <C>
      Cash....................................    $   27,531    $   (1,461)   $   19,528    $        --     $    45,598
      Trade accounts receivable and unbilled
         revenues.............................        60,808           157        46,822             --         107,787
      Inventories.............................        32,708        18,177        26,325         (2,365)         74,845
      Prepaid expenses........................         4,777         1,446         8,903            550          15,676
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total current assets.................       125,824        18,319       101,578         (1,815)        243,906
 Net property, plant, and equipment...........        24,651        11,703        18,778             --          55,132
 Goodwill and other intangibles, net..........        89,808        58,036        39,483             --         187,327
 Intercompany balances........................        92,325       (93,637)      (73,697)        75,009              --
 Other non-current assets.....................        96,548       197,328        25,939       (240,136)         79,679
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total assets.........................    $  429,156    $  191,749    $  112,081    $  (166,942)    $   566,044
                                               ==========================================================================

 Current liabilities..........................    $   48,146    $   15,368    $   43,306    $       473     $   107,293
 Long-term debt, less current portion.........       203,384            --           457             --         203,841
 Other non-current liabilities................        16,305         8,676        25,508             --          50,489
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total liabilities....................       267,835        24,044        69,271            473         361,623
 Shareholders' equity.........................       161,321       167,705        42,810       (167,415)        204,421
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total liabilities and shareholders'
              equity..........................    $  429,156    $  191,749    $  112,081    $  (166,942)    $   566,044
                                               ==========================================================================

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006:
 Net sales....................................    $  268,570    $  152,181    $  163,787    $   (28,531)    $   556,007
 Cost of products sold........................       200,639       114,042       120,842        (27,138)        408,385
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Gross profit.................................        67,931        38,139        42,945         (1,393)        147,622
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Selling, general and administrative expenses.        40,811        16,003        31,081             --          87,895
 Restructuring charges........................         1,635            --           (26)            --           1,609
 Amortization of intangibles..................           179             3            67             --             249
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income from operations.......................        25,306        22,133        11,823         (1,393)         57,869
 Interest and debt expense....................        19,558         4,876           233             --          24,667
 Other (income) and expense, net..............         8,055            20        (3,027)            --           5,048
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (Loss)  income  from  continuing   operations
    before income tax (benefit) expense.......        (2,307)       17,237        14,617         (1,393)         28,154
 Income tax (benefit) expense.................       (37,950)        2,912         4,263           (171)        (30,946)
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income from continuous operations............        35,643        14,325        10,354         (1,222)         59,100
 Income from discontinued operations..........           696            --            --             --             696
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income...................................    $   36,339    $   14,325    $   10,354    $    (1,222)    $    59,796
                                               ==========================================================================



                                      F-30
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

                                                                                  NON
                                                    PARENT      GUARANTORS    GUARANTORS    ELIMINATIONS    CONSOLIDATED
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006:
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 Cash provided by operating activities........    $   28,512    $    8,418    $   11,587    $        --     $    48,517
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 Purchases of marketable securities, net......            --            --          (888)            --            (888)
 Capital expenditures.........................        (4,759)         (800)       (2,871)            --          (8,430)
 Proceeds from sale of businesses  and surplus
    real estate...............................            --           468         1,623             --           2,091
 Proceeds from discontinued operations note
    receivable - revised......................           857            --            --             --             857
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash used in investing activities........        (3,902)         (332)       (2,136)            --          (6,370)
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock.......        56,619            --            --             --          56,619
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options......         7,149            --            --             --           7,149
 Net borrowings under revolving line-of-credit
    agreements................................           240            --         1,121             --           1,361
 Repayment of debt............................      (204,832)           --          (335)            --        (205,167)
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt.....       136,000            --            --             --         136,000
 Deferred financing costs incurred............        (2,877)           --            --             --          (2,877)
 Dividends paid...............................         9,067        (8,854)         (213)            --              --
 Other........................................           558            --            --             --             558
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing
    activities................................         1,924        (8,854)          573             --          (6,357)
 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH......            --             4           325             --             329
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents......        26,534          (764)       10,349             --          36,119
 Cash and cash equivalents at
      beginning of year.......................           997          (697)        9,179             --           9,479
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year.....    $   27,531    $   (1,461)   $   19,528    $        --     $    45,598
                                               ==========================================================================



As of and for the year ended March 31, 2005:

 AS OF MARCH 31, 2005:
 Current assets:
      Cash....................................    $    1,019    $     (697)   $    9,157    $        --     $     9,479
      Trade accounts receivable and unbilled
         revenues.............................        57,707           197        39,918             --          97,822
      Inventories.............................        33,651        18,919        26,028           (972)         77,626
      Prepaid expenses........................         7,297           973         5,928             --          14,198
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total current assets.................        99,674        19,392        81,031           (972)        199,125
 Net property, plant, and equipment...........        25,107        12,847        19,283             --          57,237
 Goodwill and other intangibles, net..........        90,027        57,287        39,971             --         187,285
 Intercompany balances........................        98,964      (102,189)      (70,216)        73,441              --
 Other non-current assets.....................        55,396       197,864        24,159       (240,195)         37,224
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total assets.........................    $  369,168    $  185,201    $   94,228    $  (167,726)    $   480,871
                                               ==========================================================================

 Current liabilities..........................    $   47,189    $   14,450    $   36,653    $    (1,474)    $    96,818
 Long-term debt, less current portion.........       259,520            --           763             --         260,283
 Other non-current liabilities................        11,032         8,199        22,772             --          42,003
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total liabilities....................       317,741        22,649        60,188         (1,474)        399,104
 Shareholders' equity.........................        51,427       162,552        34,040       (166,252)         81,767
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total liabilities and shareholders'
              equity..........................    $  369,168    $  185,201    $   94,228    $  (167,726)    $   480,871
                                               ==========================================================================


                                      F-31
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


                                                                                  NON
                                                    PARENT      GUARANTORS    GUARANTORS    ELIMINATIONS    CONSOLIDATED
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005:
 Net sales....................................    $  245,166    $  141,324    $  151,741    $   (23,479)    $   514,752
 Cost of products sold........................       188,499       110,455       113,369        (23,479)        388,844
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Gross profit.................................        56,667        30,869        38,372             --         125,908
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Selling, general and administrative expenses.        34,290        18,957        30,774             --          84,021
 Restructuring charges........................           782            --           128             --             910
 Amortization of intangibles..................           242             3            67             --             312
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income from operations.......................        21,353        11,909         7,403             --          40,665
 Interest and debt expense....................        23,916         3,378           326             --          27,620
 Other income, net............................        (1,562)       (2,560)       (1,096)            --          (5,218)
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (Loss)  income  from  continuing   operations
    before income tax (benefit) expense.......        (1,001)       11,091         8,173             --          18,263
 Income tax (benefit) expense.................        (1,424)        1,487         2,133             --           2,196
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income from continuous operations............           423         9,604         6,040             --          16,067
 Income from discontinued operations..........           643            --            --             --             643
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income...................................    $    1,066    $    9,604    $    6,040    $        --     $    16,710
                                               ==========================================================================



 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005:
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 Cash (used in) provided by operating
    activities................................    $  (54,146)   $   64,479    $    6,828    $        --     $    17,161
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 Proceeds from marketable securities, net.....           705            --           609             --           1,314
 Capital expenditures.........................        (3,718)         (610)       (1,597)            --          (5,925)
 Proceeds from sale of businesses  and surplus
    real estate...............................         3,439         3,303            --             --           6,742
 Net assets held for sale.....................            --           375            --             --             375
 Proceeds from discontinued operations note
    receivable - revised......................           643            --            --             --             643
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net  cash  provided  by (used  in)  investing
    activities................................         1,069         3,068          (988)            --           3,149
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options......           428            --            --             --             428
 Net payments under revolving line-of-credit
    agreements................................          (219)           --          (904)            --          (1,123)
 Repayment of debt............................       (21,666)           --           (79)            --         (21,745)
 Deferred financing costs incurred............           (24)           --            --             --             (24)
 Dividends paid...............................        68,168       (68,000)         (168)            --              --
 Other........................................           562            --            --             --             562
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing
    activities................................        47,249       (68,000)       (1,151)            --         (21,902)
 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH......          (134)           85            19             --             (30)
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents......        (5,962)         (368)        4,708             --          (1,622)
 Cash and cash equivalents at
      beginning of year.......................         6,981          (329)        4,449             --          11,101
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year.....    $    1,019    $     (697)   $    9,157    $        --     $     9,479
                                               ==========================================================================



                                      F-32
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

For the year ended March 31, 2004:

                                                                                  NON
                                                    PARENT      GUARANTORS    GUARANTORS    ELIMINATIONS    CONSOLIDATED
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004:
 Net sales....................................    $  226,631    $  114,987    $  124,116    $   (21,143)    $   444,591
 Cost of products sold........................       173,269        94,677        93,785        (21,986)        339,745
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Gross profit.................................        53,362        20,310        30,331            843         104,846
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Selling, general and administrative expenses.        35,046        12,854        25,457             --          73,357
 Restructuring charges........................         1,281            --           (42)            --           1,239
 Amortization of intangibles..................           245             3           135             --             383
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income from operations.......................        16,790         7,453         4,781            843          29,867
 Interest and debt expense....................        28,390          (263)          729             --          28,856
 Other (income) and expense, net..............           888       (12,573)       (1,456)         8,950          (4,191)
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
    before income tax (benefit) expense.......       (12,488)       20,289         5,508         (8,107)          5,202
 Income tax (benefit) expense.................        (1,306)        3,181         2,134             --           4,009
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net (loss) income............................    $  (11,182)   $   17,108    $    3,374    $    (8,107)    $     1,193
                                               ==========================================================================





 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004:
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 Cash provided by (used in) operating
    activities................................    $   19,359    $   (2,644)   $   18,623    $    (8,969)    $    26,369
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 Proceeds from marketable securities, net.....            --            --           110             --             110
 Capital expenditures.........................        (2,635)         (700)         (284)            --          (3,619)
 Proceeds from sale of businesses.............         4,015            --            --             --           4,015
 Proceeds  from  sale of  property,  plant and
    equipment.................................            --           387            --             --             387
 Net assets held for sale.....................            --         3,376            --             --           3,376
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net  cash  provided  by (used  in)  investing
    activities................................         1,380         3,063          (174)            --           4,269
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock.......            --            --           (19)            19              --
 Net (payments) borrowings under revolving
    line-of-credit agreements.................        (9,925)           --         3,033             --          (6,892)
 Repayment of debt............................      (115,147)           --       (10,617)            --        (125,764)
 Proceeds from issuance of long term debt.....       115,000            --            --             --         115,000
 Deferred financing costs incurred............        (4,432)           --            --             --          (4,432)
 Dividends paid...............................           174            --        (9,124)         8,950              --
 Other........................................           593            --            --             --             593
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing
    activities................................       (13,737)           --       (16,727)         8,969         (21,495)
 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH......           (78)           72            21             --              15
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents......         6,924           491         1,743             --           9,158
 Cash and cash equivalents at
      beginning of year.......................            57          (820)        2,706             --           1,943
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year.....    $    6,981    $     (329)   $    4,449    $        --     $    11,101
                                               ==========================================================================

</TABLE>


                                      F-33
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


20.    BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

     As a result of the way the Company  manages the  business,  its  reportable
segments  are  strategic  business  units that  offer  products  with  different
characteristics.  The most defining  characteristic  is the extent of customized
engineering  required on a per-order  basis.  In addition,  the  segments  serve
different customer bases through differing methods of distribution.  The Company
has two  reportable  segments:  Products and Solutions.  The Company's  Products
segment sells hoists, industrial cranes, chain, attachments,  and other material
handling  products  principally  to third  party  distributors  through  diverse
distribution  channels,  and to a  lesser  extent  directly  to  end-users.  The
Solutions  segment sells engineered  material handling systems such as conveyors
and lift tables primarily to end-users in the consumer products,  manufacturing,
warehousing,  and, to a lesser extent, the steel, construction,  automotive, and
other industrial  markets.  The accounting policies of the segments are the same
as  those  described  in  the  summary  of  significant   accounting   policies.
Intersegment sales are not significant.  The Company evaluates performance based
on the operating earnings of the respective business units.

     Segment  information as of and for the years ended March 31, 2006, 2005 and
2004 is as follows:

                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                             YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                     PRODUCTS        SOLUTIONS          TOTAL
                                     --------        ---------          -----
 Sales to external customers......  $  493,896       $  62,111       $ 556,007
 Income from operations...........      55,849           2,020          57,869
 Depreciation and amortization....       7,805           1,019           8,824
 Total assets.....................     530,600          35,444         566,044
 Capital expenditures.............       7,931             499           8,430


                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                             YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                     PRODUCTS        SOLUTIONS          TOTAL
                                     --------        ---------          -----
 Sales to external customers......  $  453,105       $  61,647      $  514,752
 Income from operations...........      39,392           1,273          40,665
 Depreciation and amortization....       8,092           1,079           9,171
 Total assets.....................     449,284          31,587         480,871
 Capital expenditures.............       4,203           1,722           5,925

                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                             YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                     PRODUCTS        SOLUTIONS          TOTAL
                                     --------        ---------          -----
 Sales to external customers......  $  394,160       $  50,431      $  444,591
 Income from operations...........      32,326          (2,459)         29,867
 Depreciation and amortization....       8,996           1,130          10,126
 Total assets.....................     446,069          27,294         473,363
 Capital expenditures.............       3,362             257           3,619



                                      F-34
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

     Financial  information  relating to the Company's  operations by geographic
area is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                2006            2005            2004
                                                                                ----            ----            ----
 NET SALES:
<S>                                                                         <C>             <C>             <C>
 United States..........................................................    $    394,657    $    360,917    $    319,815
 Europe.................................................................         112,868         108,717          86,518
 Canada.................................................................          30,492          28,778          27,736
 Other..................................................................          17,990          16,340          10,522
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
 Total..................................................................    $    556,007    $    514,752    $    444,591
                                                                         =================================================

                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                2006            2005            2004
                                                                                ----            ----            ----
 TOTAL ASSETS:
 United States..........................................................    $    411,199    $    341,645    $    347,488
 Europe.................................................................         123,694         115,241         105,120
 Canada.................................................................          20,444          17,442          14,628
 Other..................................................................          10,707           6,543           6,127
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
 Total..................................................................    $    566,044    $    480,871    $    473,363
                                                                         =================================================

                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                2006            2005            2004
                                                                                ----            ----            ----
 LONG-LIVED ASSETS:
 United States..........................................................    $    184,448    $    185,518    $    187,202
 Europe.................................................................          53,357          54,181          53,051
 Canada.................................................................           1,869           2,672           3,283
 Other..................................................................           2,785           2,151           1,979
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
 Total..................................................................    $    242,459    $    244,522    $    245,515
                                                                         =================================================



      Sales by major product group are as follows:

                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                      YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                2006            2005            2004
                                                                                ----            ----            ----
 Hoists  ...............................................................    $    258,082    $    227,789    $    197,400
 Chain and forged attachments...........................................         134,301         127,300         110,681
 Industrial cranes......................................................          61,967          62,468          53,276
 Other..................................................................         101,657          97,195          83,234
                                                                         -------------------------------------------------
         Total..........................................................    $    556,007    $    514,752    $    444,591
                                                                         =================================================

</TABLE>

                                      F-35
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


21.     SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

     Below is selected quarterly financial data for fiscal 2006 and 2005:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  JULY 3,        OCTOBER 2,      JANUARY 1,      MARCH 31,
                                                   2005             2005            2006           2006
                                                   ----             ----            ----           ----
<S>                                          <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
 Net sales................................   $    140,877    $     134,712   $     133,322    $   147,096
 Gross profit.............................         36,543           35,158          34,931         40,990
 Income from operations...................         14,622           13,267          13,114         16,866
 Net income...............................   $      7,322    $       3,263   $       1,413    $    47,798
                                           ================================================================


 Net income per share - basic.............   $       0.50    $        0.22   $        0.09    $      2.63
                                           ================================================================

 Net income per share - diluted...........   $       0.49    $        0.21   $        0.08    $      2.53
                                           ================================================================
</TABLE>


     Results  include  pre-tax  losses  on  early   extinguishment  of  debt  of
$3,341,000,  $4,950,000  and $920,000 for the  quarters  ended  October 2, 2005,
January 1, 2006 and March 31, 2006 respectively.

     Net  income  includes  tax  benefit  due to  the  reversal  of a  valuation
allowance of $38,571,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2006.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  JULY 4,        OCTOBER 3,      JANUARY 2,      MARCH 31,
                                                   2004             2004            2005           2005
                                                   ----             ----            ----           ----
<S>                                          <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
 Net sales................................   $    121,658    $     122,711   $     125,913    $   144,470
 Gross profit.............................         31,451           29,943          29,999         34,515
 Income from operations...................         11,156            9,896           9,456         10,157
 Net income...............................   $      3,362    $       2,594   $       2,405    $     8,349
                                           ================================================================


 Net income per share - basic.............   $       0.23    $        0.18   $        0.16    $      0.57
                                           ================================================================

 Net income per share - diluted...........   $       0.23    $        0.18   $        0.16    $      0.56
                                           ================================================================
</TABLE>


     Results for the quarter  ended March 31, 2005 include a one-time,  non-cash
charge of $2,037,000  ($1,170,000 net of tax) relating to a defined benefit plan
at one of our  foreign  operations  and  $3,919,000  of  gains  from the sale of
surplus real estate.


                                      F-36
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)


22.    ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

     The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                    --------------------------------
                                                                                                MARCH 31,
                                                                                    --------------------------------
                                                                                         2006           2005
                                                                                    --------------------------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>            <C>
      Net unrealized investment gains - net of tax.................................   $     1,891    $     1,233
      Minimum pension liability adjustment - net of tax............................       (17,107)       (14,572)
      Foreign currency translation adjustment......................................         2,237          4,083
                                                                                    --------------------------------
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss.........................................   $   (12,979)   $    (9,256)
                                                                                    ================================
</TABLE>

     The deferred taxes associated with the items included in accumulated  other
comprehensive   loss  were   $9,486,000   and  $8,159,000  for  2006  and  2005,
respectively.  As a result of the  recording of a deferred  tax asset  valuation
allowance in fiscal 2005, the Company recorded as an offsetting entry a $534,000
charge in the minimum pension liability component of other comprehensive income.
With the reversal of that valuation  allowance in fiscal 2006 (see Note 17), the
Company  recorded  the  reversal of the  valuation  allowance  as a reduction of
income taxes in the statement of  operations.  This is in  accordance  with FASB
Statement  No. 109,  "Accounting  for Income  Taxes," even though the  valuation
allowance was initially  established by a charge against  comprehensive  income.
This amount will remain indefinitely as a component of minimum pension liability
adjustment.

     The activity by year  related to  investments,  including  reclassification
adjustments for activity included in earnings is as follows (all items shown net
of tax):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                         -------------------------------------------
                                                                                     YEAR ENDED MARCH 31,
                                                                         -------------------------------------------
                                                                             2006          2005          2004
                                                                         -------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
      Net unrealized investment gains (losses) at beginning of year.....   $     1,233   $     1,364   $      (342)
         Unrealized holdings gains arising during the period............         1,591           328         2,916
         Reclassification adjustments for (gains)
           included in earnings.........................................          (933)         (459)       (1,210)
                                                                         -------------------------------------------
      Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments............           658          (131)        1,706
                                                                         -------------------------------------------
      Net unrealized investment gains at end of year....................   $     1,891   $     1,233   $     1,364
                                                                         ===========================================
</TABLE>


                                      F-37
<PAGE>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

23.     EFFECTS OF NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In November 2004, the Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards (SFAS) No. 151, "Inventory Costs,"
as an amendment to ARB No. 43,  Chapter 4,  "Inventory  Pricing," to clarify the
accounting  for abnormal  amounts of idle facility  expense,  freight,  handling
costs and wasted materials (spoilage).  This Statement requires that these items
be recognized  as  current-period  charges and requires the  allocation of fixed
production overheads to inventory based on the normal capacity of the production
facilities. This Statement becomes effective for inventory costs incurred during
fiscal  years  beginning  after June 15,  2005.  The Company does not expect the
adoption of SFAS No. 151 to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.

     In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123 (revised 2004),  Share-Based
Payment,  which  is a  revision  of  FASB  Statement  No.  123,  Accounting  for
Stock-Based  Compensation.  Statement  123(R)  supersedes  APB  Opinion  No. 25,
Accounting  for Stock Issued to  Employees,  and amends FASB  Statement  No. 95,
Statement of Cash Flows. Generally,  the approach in Statement 123(R) is similar
to the approach  described in Statement 123. However,  Statement 123(R) requires
all  share-based  payments to  employees,  including  grants of  employee  stock
options,  to be recognized in the income  statement  based on their fair values.
Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative.

     Statement 123(R) was to be adopted for interim or annual periods  beginning
after June 15,  2005.  On April  14th,  2005,  the SEC  announced  that it would
provide for a phased-in  implementation  process for FASB  statement No. 123(R).
The SEC is requiring that registrants adopt statement 123(R)'s fair value method
of accounting for share-based  payments to employees no later than the beginning
of the first  fiscal  year  beginning  after June 15,  2005.  We expect to adopt
123(R) in the first  quarter of Fiscal 2007.  Statement  123(R)  permits  public
companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods:

     1.   A  "modified   prospective"  method  in  which  compensation  cost  is
          recognized  beginning  with  the  effective  date  (a)  based  on  the
          requirements of Statement 123(R) for all share-based  payments granted
          after  the  effective  date  and  (b)  based  on the  requirements  of
          Statement  123(R) for all  share-based  payments  granted to employees
          prior to the effective date of Statement  123(R) that remain  unvested
          on the effective date.

     2.  A "modified retrospective" method which includes the requirements of
         the modified prospective method described above, but also permits
         entities to restate based on amounts previously recognized under
         Statement 123 for purposes of pro forma disclosures either (a) all
         prior periods presented or (b) prior interim periods of the year of
         adoption.

     The Company is still  evaluating  the method it plans to use when it adopts
statement 123(R).

     As  permitted  by  Statement  123,  the  Company  currently   accounts  for
share-based payments to employees using Opinion 25's intrinsic value method and,
as  such,   recognizes  no   compensation   cost  for  employee  stock  options.
Accordingly,  adoption  of  Statement  123(R)'s  fair value  method will have an
impact on our  results  of  operations,  although  it will have no impact on our
overall financial position. The impact of adoption of 123(R) cannot be predicted
at this time because it will depend on levels of share based payments granted in
the future.  However,  had we adopted  Statement  123(R) in prior  periods,  the
impact of that standard would have  approximated  the impact of statement 123 as
described  in the  disclosure  of pro forma net income and earnings per share in
Note 2 to the Company's consolidated financial statements.

     In May 2005,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,  "Accounting  Changes and Error
Corrections" which replaces APB Opinion No. 20,  "Accounting  Changes," and SFAS
No. 3, "Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial  Statements." SFAS No.
154  changes  the  requirements  for and  reporting  of a change  in  accounting
principle.  This Statement becomes  effective for changes in accounting  methods
during  fiscal years  beginning  after  December 15, 2005.  The Company does not
expect the adoption of SFAS No. 154 will have a material impact on the Company's
consolidated results of operations and financial condition.


                                      F-38
<PAGE>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)

24.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     During April and May of 2006,  the Company  repurchased  $32,128,000 of the
outstanding  10% Senior Secured Notes.  The repurchase of the 10% Notes occurred
at a premium  resulting  in a pre-tax  loss on early  extinguishment  of debt of
$3,194,000.  As a  result  of the  repurchase  of the 10%  Notes,  approximately
$671,000 of pre-tax deferred financing costs was written-off.  The net effect of
these items,  a $3,865,000  pre-tax loss will be shown as part of other (income)
and expense, net for the first quarter of fiscal 2007.


                                      F-39
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                 SCHEDULE II--VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                          MARCH 31, 2006, 2005 AND 2004
                              DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS

                                                                      ADDITIONS
                                                              ---------------------------
                                                   BALANCE AT    CHARGED TO    CHARGED TO                        BALANCE AT
                                                   BEGINNING      COSTS AND      OTHER                             END OF
                   DESCRIPTION                     OF PERIOD      EXPENSES      ACCOUNTS        DEDUCTIONS         PERIOD
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Year ended March 31, 2006: Deducted from asset accounts:
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>           <C>               <C>       <C>    <C>
      Allowance for doubtful accounts               $  3,015     $    1,628    $     --          $ 1,226   (1)    $  3,417
      Slow-moving and obsolete inventory               6,413          2,617          --            1,395   (2)       7,635
      Deferred tax asset valuation allowance          50,538        (38,571)         --            5,666             6,301
                                                    --------     ----------    --------          -------          --------
           Total                                    $ 59,966     $  (34,326)   $     --          $ 8,287          $ 17,353
                                                    ========     ==========    ========          =======          ========
    Reserves on balance sheet:
      Accrued general and product liability costs   $ 16,094     $    7,920    $     --          $ 3,045   (3)    $ 20,969
                                                    ========     ==========    ========          =======          ========

 Year ended March 31, 2005: Deducted from asset accounts:
      Allowance for doubtful accounts               $  2,811     $    2,191    $     --          $ 1,987   (1)    $  3,015
      Slow-moving and obsolete inventory               5,878          1,182          --              647   (2)       6,413
      Deferred tax asset valuation allowance          55,456          1,175          --            6,093            50,538
                                                    --------     ----------    --------          -------          --------
           Total                                    $ 64,145     $    4,548    $     --          $ 8,727          $ 59,966
                                                    ========     ==========    ========          =======          ========
    Reserves on balance sheet:
      Accrued general and product liability costs   $ 15,930     $    5,780    $     --          $ 5,616   (3)    $ 16,094
                                                    ========     ==========    ========          =======          ========

 Year ended March 31, 2004: Deducted from asset accounts:
      Allowance for doubtful accounts               $  2,743     $    1,761    $     --          $ 1,693   (1)    $  2,811
      Slow-moving and obsolete inventory               5,699          2,333        (126) (4)       2,028   (2)       5,878
      Deferred tax asset valuation allowance              --         55,456          --               --            55,456
                                                    --------     ----------    --------          -------          --------
           Total                                    $  8,442     $   59,550    $   (126)         $ 3,721          $ 64,145
                                                    ========     ==========    ========          =======          ========
    Reserves on balance sheet:
      Accrued general and product liability costs   $ 14,439     $    5,398    $     --          $ 3,907   (3)    $ 15,930
                                                    ========     ==========    ========          =======          ========
</TABLE>

- --------
(1) Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries
(2) Obsolete inventory disposals
(3) Insurance claims and expenses paid
(4) Reserves at date of disposal of subsidiary



                                      F-40
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.           CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
                  AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

      None.


ITEM 9A.          CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     MANAGEMENT'S EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

     As of March 31, 2006, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and
with the participation of our management,  including the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures.   Based  on  that  evaluation,   our
management,  including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial  Officer,
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March
31,  2006.  There were no changes in our internal  controls or in other  factors
during our fourth quarter ended March 31, 2006.

     MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

     Our management is responsible for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate
internal control over financial  reporting,  as such term is defined in Exchange
Act  Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f).   Under  the  supervision  and  with  the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial  Officer,  we  conducted an  evaluation  of the  effectiveness  of our
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as of March 31, 2006 based on the
framework in Internal  Control--Integrated  Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring  Organizations  of the  Treadway  Commission  (COSO).  Based  on that
evaluation,  our management  concluded that our internal  control over financial
reporting was effective as of March 31, 2006.

     Management's  assessment of the  effectiveness of our internal control over
financial  reporting as of March 31, 2006 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP,
an  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm, as stated in their report
which is included herein.


             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Columbus McKinnon Corporation


We  have  audited   management's   assessment,   included  in  the  accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,  that Columbus
McKinnon Corporation and subsidiaries maintained effective internal control over
financial  reporting  as of March 31,  2006,  based on criteria  established  in
Internal  Control--Integrated  Framework  issued by the  Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria).  Columbus McKinnon
Corporation's  management is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal
control over financial  reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial  reporting.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on management's  assessment and an opinion on the  effectiveness  of the
company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  effective
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in all  material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting,  evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating  effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other  procedures as we considered  necessary in the  circumstances.  We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's  internal control over financial  reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable  assurance  regarding the reliability of financial  reporting
and the preparation of financial  statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial  reporting  includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that, in reasonable  detail,  accurately and fairly
reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions  of the assets of the company;  (2)
provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles,  and that receipts and  expenditures  of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use, or  disposition  of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


                                       30
<PAGE>

Because of its inherent  limitations,  internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate  because of changes in  conditions,  or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our  opinion,  management's  assessment  the  Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation
maintained  effective internal control over financial  reporting as of March 31,
2006, is fairly stated,  in all material  respects,  based on the COSO criteria.
Also, in our opinion,  Columbus McKinnon Corporation maintained, in all material
respects,  effective  internal control over financial  reporting as of March 31,
2006, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have  audited,  in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting  Oversight Board (United States),  the consolidated balance sheets of
Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation and  subsidiaries as of March 31, 2006 and 2005,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the three  years in the period  ended  March 31,  2006 of
Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation and  subsidiaries,  and our report dated June 1,
2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


                                         /s/ Ernst & Young LLP


June 1, 2006
Buffalo, New York



ITEM 9B.          OTHER INFORMATION

     None.


                                    PART III
                                    --------

ITEM 10.          DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The  information   regarding   Directors  and  Executive  Officers  of  the
Registrant will be included in a Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission
prior  to July  29,  2006  and  upon the  filing  of such  Proxy  Statement,  is
incorporated by reference herein.

     The   charters   of   our   Audit   Committee,    Compensation   Committee,
Nomination/Succession  Committee and  Governance  Committee are available on our
website at WWW.CMWORKS.COM  and are available to any shareholder upon request to
the  Corporate  Secretary.  The  information  on the  Company's  website  is not
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

     We have  adopted a code of ethics  that  applies  to all of our  employees,
including our  principal  executive  officer,  principal  financial  officer and
principal accounting officer, as well as our directors.  Our code of ethics, the
Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation  Legal  Compliance & Business Ethics Manual,  is
available on our website at WWW.CMWORKS.COM. We intend to disclose any amendment
to, or waiver from,  the code of ethics that applies to our principal  executive
officer,  principal financial officer or principal  accounting officer otherwise
required to be disclosed  under Item 10 of Form 8-K by posting such amendment or
waiver, as applicable, on our website.


ITEM 11.          EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The  information  regarding  Executive  Compensation  will be included in a
Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission  prior to July 29, 2006 and upon
the filing of such Proxy Statement, is incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 12.          SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The information  regarding  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and  Management  will be  included  in a Proxy  Statement  to be filed  with the
Commission  prior to July 29, 2006 and upon the filing of such Proxy  Statement,
is incorporated by reference herein.


                                       31
<PAGE>

ITEM 13.          CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information  regarding Certain  Relationships and Related  Transactions
will be included in a Proxy  Statement to be filed with the Commission  prior to
July 29, 2006 and upon the filing of such Proxy  Statement,  is  incorporated by
reference herein.

ITEM 14.          PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

     The information  regarding  Principal  Accountant Fees and Services will be
included in a Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission  prior to July 29,
2006 and upon the filing of such Proxy  Statement,  is incorporated by reference
herein.


                                     PART IV
                                     -------


ITEM 15.          EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(1)  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

     The  following  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Columbus  McKinnon
Corporation are included in Item 8:

    REFERENCE                                                           PAGE NO.
    ---------                                                           --------

      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                F-2

      Consolidated balance sheets - March 31, 2006 and 2005                  F-3

      Consolidated statements of operations - Years ended
        March 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004                                        F-4

      Consolidated statements of shareholders' equity - Years ended
        March 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004                                        F-5

      Consolidated statements of cash flows - Years ended
        March 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004                                        F-6

      Notes to consolidated financial statements                     F-7 to F-39


(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE: PAGE NO.

     Schedule II - Valuation and qualifying accounts                        F-40

     All  other  schedules  for  which  provision  is  made  in  the  applicable
     accounting  regulation of the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission are not
     required under the related  instructions or are  inapplicable and therefore
     have been omitted.


(3)      EXHIBITS:


  EXHIBIT
   NUMBER                       EXHIBIT
   ------                       -------

     3.1    Restated    Certificate   of   Incorporation   of   the   Registrant
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1  to  the   Company's
            Registration  Statement No.  33-80687 on Form S-1 dated December 21,
            1995).

     3.2    Amended  By-Laws of the  Registrant  (incorporated  by  reference to
            Exhibit 3 to the Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 17,
            1999).

     4.1    Specimen  common  share  certificate  (incorporated  by reference to
            Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's  Registration Statement No. 33-80687 on
            Form S-1 dated December 21, 1995.)


                                       32
<PAGE>


     4.2    First  Amendment and  Restatement of Rights  Agreement,  dated as of
            October 1, 1998, between Columbus McKinnon  Corporation and American
            Stock Transfer & Trust  Company,  as Rights Agent  (incorporated  by
            reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form
            10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 29, 2003).

     4.3    Indenture,  dated as of March  31,  1998,  among  Columbus  McKinnon
            Corporation, the guarantors named on the signature pages thereto and
            State Street Bank and Trust Company,  N.A., as trustee (incorporated
            by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's  Current Report on Form
            8-K dated April 9, 1998).

     4.4    Supplemental  Indenture among LICO, Inc.,  Automatic Systems,  Inc.,
            LICO Steel,  Inc.,  Columbus McKinnon  Corporation,  Yale Industrial
            Products,  Inc., Mechanical Products,  Inc., Minitec Corporation and
            State Street Bank and Trust Company,  N.A., as trustee,  dated March
            31, 1998  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's
            Current Report on form 8-K dated April 9, 1998).

     4.5    Second  Supplemental  Indenture among Abell-Howe Crane,  Inc., LICO,
            Inc.,  Automatic Systems,  Inc. LICO Steel, Inc.,  Columbus McKinnon
            Corporation, Yale Industrial Products Inc. and State Street Bank and
            Trust  Company,  N.A.,  as trustee,  dated as of  February  12, 1999
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the  Company's  Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999).

     4.6    Third Supplemental Indenture among G.L. International, Inc., Gaffey,
            Inc., Handling Systems and Conveyors,  Inc., Larco Material Handling
            Inc.,  Abell-Howe Crane, Inc., LICO, Inc., Automatic Systems,  Inc.,
            LICO Steel,  Inc.,  Columbus McKinnon  Corporation,  Yale Industrial
            Products,  Inc. and State Street Bank and Trust  Company,  N.A.,  as
            trustee,  dated as of March 1, 1999  (incorporated  by  reference to
            Exhibit  4.7 to the  Company's  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 31, 1999).

     4.7    Fourth  Supplemental  Indenture among Washington  Equipment Company,
            G.L.  International,   Inc.,  Gaffey,  Inc.,  Handling  Systems  and
            Conveyors,  Inc., Larco Material  Handling Inc.,  Abell-Howe  Crane,
            Inc.,  Automatic Systems,  Inc., LICO Steel, Inc., Columbus McKinnon
            Corporation,  Yale Industrial  Products,  Inc. and State Street Bank
            and Trust  Company,  N.A., as trustee,  dated as of November 1, 1999
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to  the  Company's
            quarterly report on form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October
            3, 1999).

     4.8    Fifth  Supplemental  Indenture among Columbus McKinnon  Corporation,
            Crane  Equipment & Service,  Inc.,  Automatic  Systems,  Inc.,  LICO
            Steel,  Inc., Yale Industrial  Products,  Inc. and State Street Bank
            and  Trust  Company,  N.A.,  as  trustee,  dated as of April 4, 2002
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the  Company's  Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).

     4.9    Sixth  Supplemental  Indenture among Columbus McKinnon  Corporation,
            Audubon West,  Inc.,  Crane  Equipment & Service,  Inc., LICO Steel,
            Inc., Yale Industrial  Products,  Inc., Audubon Europe S.a.r.l.  and
            State Street Bank and Trust Company,  N.A., as trustee,  dated as of
            August 5, 2002  (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.9 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2002).

     4.10   Seventh Supplemental  Indenture among Columbus McKinnon Corporation,
            Crane Equipment & Service,  Inc., Yale  Industrial  Products,  Inc.,
            Audubon Europe S.a.r.l. and U.S. Bank National Trust Association, as
            trustee,  dated as of August 30, 2005  (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the
            quarterly period ended October 2, 2005).

     4.11   Indenture,  dated  as of July  22,  2003,  among  Columbus  McKinnon
            Corporation, the guarantors named on the signature pages thereto and
            U.S. Bank Trust National  Association,  as trustee  (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form
            10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 29, 2003).

     4.12   First Supplemental Indenture,  dated as of September 19, 2003, among
            Columbus McKinnon Corporation, the guarantors named on the signature
            pages thereto and U.S. Bank Trust National  Association,  as trustee
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Amendment No. 1 to the
            Company's  Registration Statement No. 333-109730 on Form S-4/A dated
            November 7, 2003).



                                       33
<PAGE>


     4.13   Indenture  among  Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation,   Audubon  Europe
            S.a.r.l., Crane Equipment & Service, Inc., Yale Industrial Products,
            Inc.. and U.S. Bank National  Association.,  as trustee, dated as of
            September 2, 2005  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the
            Company's  Registration  Statement  No.  33-129142 on Form S-3 dated
            October 19, 2005).

     4.14   Registration  Rights Agreement among Columbus McKinnon  Corporation,
            Audubon  Europe  S.a.r.l.,  Crane  Equipment & Service,  Inc.,  Yale
            Industrial  Products,  Inc.,  and Credit  Suisse  First  Boston LLC,
            acting  on behalf of itself  and as  Representative  of the  Initial
            Purchasers, dated as of September 2, 2005 (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Registration Statement No. 33-129142
            on Form S-3 dated October 19, 2005).

     10.1   Agreement by and among Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership Trust,  Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation and Marine Midland
            Bank,  dated November 2, 1995  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            10.6 to the Company's  Registration  Statement No.  33-80687 on Form
            S-1 dated December 21, 1995).

     #10.2  Columbus   McKinnon   Corporation   Employee  Stock  Ownership  Plan
            Restatement  Effective April 1, 1989  (incorporated  by reference to
            Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's  Registration  Statement No. 33-80687
            on Form S-1 dated December 21, 1995).

     #10.3  Amendment No. 1 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            March 2, 1995  (incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit  10.24 to the
            Company's  Registration  Statement  No.  33-80687  on Form S-1 dated
            December 21, 1995).

     #10.4  Amendment No. 2 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership Plan, dated October 17, 1995 (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit  10.38 to the  Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 31, 1997).

     #10.5  Amendment No. 3 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership Plan,  dated March 27, 1996  (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit  10.39 to the  Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 31, 1997).

     #10.6  Amendment No. 4 of the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            September 30, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
            Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly  period
            ended September 30, 1996).

     #10.7  Amendment No. 5 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            August 28, 1997  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 1998).

     #10.8  Amendment No. 6 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            June 24, 1998  (incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit  10.38 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 1998).

     #10.9  Amendment No. 7 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            April 30, 2000  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.24 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2000).

     #10.10 Amendment No. 8 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            March 26, 2002  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.30 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2002).

     #10.11 Amendment No. 9 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            March 27, 2003  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.32 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2003).



                                       34
<PAGE>



     #10.12 Amendment No. 10 to the Columbus McKinnon Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            February 28, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2004).

     #10.13 Amendment No. 11 to the Columbus McKinnon Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            December 19, 2003  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
            Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly  period
            ended December 28, 2003).

     #10.14 Amendment No. 12 to the Columbus McKinnon Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership  Plan as Amended and  Restated as of April 1, 1989,  dated
            March 17, 2005  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.14 to the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2005).

     #10.15 Columbus McKinnon Corporation Personal Retirement Account Plan Trust
            Agreement, dated April 1, 1987 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            10.25 to the Company's  Registration  Statement No. 33-80687 on Form
            S-1 dated December 21, 1995).

     #10.16 Amendment No. 1 to the Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Employee Stock
            Ownership Trust Agreement  (formerly known as the Columbus  McKinnon
            Corporation   Personal  Retirement  Account  Plan  Trust  Agreement)
            effective  November 1, 1988  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit
            10.26 to the Company's  Registration  Statement No. 33-80687 on Form
            S-1 dated December 21, 1995).

     #10.17 Amendment and  Restatement  of Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation  1995
            Incentive  Stock Option Plan  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
            10.25 to the  Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the  fiscal
            year ended March 31, 1999).

     #10.18 Second Amendment to the Columbus McKinnon Corporation 1995 Incentive
            Stock  Option  Plan,  as  amended  and  restated   (incorporated  by
            reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form
            10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2002).

     #10.19 Columbus McKinnon Corporation  Restricted Stock Plan, as amended and
            restated   (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.28  to  the
            Company's  Registration  Statement  No.  33-80687  on Form S-1 dated
            December 21, 1995).

     #10.20 Second  Amendment to the Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation  Restricted
            Stock  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.3  to the
            Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly  period
            ended September 29, 2002).

     #10.21 Amendment  and   Restatement   of  Columbus   McKinnon   Corporation
            Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to
            Exhibit  10.27 to the  Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 31, 1999).

     #10.22 Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Thrift [401(k)] Plan 1989 Restatement
            Effective January 1, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
            to the  Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly
            period ended December 27, 1998).

     #10.23 Amendment  No.  1 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift [401(k)] Plan, dated December 10, 1998
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999).

     #10.24 Amendment  No.  2 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401 (k)]  Plan,  dated  June 1, 2000
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000).

     #10.25 Amendment  No.  3 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401 (k)] Plan,  dated March 26, 2002
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002).


                                       35
<PAGE>


     #10.26 Amendment  No.  4 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401(k)]  Plan,  dated  May 10,  2002
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  to  the  Company's
            Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended
            September 29, 2002).

     #10.27 Amendment  No.  5 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift [401(k)] Plan, dated December 20, 2002
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company's
            Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended
            December 29, 2002).

     #10.28 Amendment  No.  6 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401(k)]  Plan,  dated  May 22,  2003
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003).

     #10.29 Amendment  No.  7 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401(k)]  Plan,  dated April 14, 2004
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004).

     #10.30 Amendment  No.  8 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift [401(k)] Plan, dated December 19, 2003
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.3  to  the  Company's
            Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended
            December 28, 2003).

     #10.31 Amendment  No.  9 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401(k)]  Plan,  dated March 16, 2004
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004).

     #10.32 Amendment  No.  10 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401(k)]  Plan,  dated July 12,  2004
            (incorporated   by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.3  to  the  Company's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 4,
            2004).

     #10.33 Amendment  No.  11 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift  [401(k)]  Plan,  dated March 31, 2005
            (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005).

    *#10.34 Amendment  No. 12  to  the 1998  Plan  Restatement  of the  Columbus
            McKinnon Corporation Thrift [401(k)] Plan, dated December 27, 2005.

     #10.35 Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift 401(k) Plan Trust  Agreement
            Restatement  Effective August 9, 1994  (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's  Registration  Statement No. 33-80687
            on Form S-1 dated December 21, 1995).

     #10.36 Columbus  McKinnon   Corporation  Monthly  Retirement  Benefit  Plan
            Restatement  Effective April 1, 1998  (incorporated  by reference to
            Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
            quarterly period ended December 27, 1998).

     #10.37 Amendment  No.  1 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon Corporation Monthly Retirement Benefit Plan, dated December
            10,  1998  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.32  to  the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 1999).

     #10.38 Amendment  No.  2 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation Monthly Retirement Benefit Plan, dated May 26,
            1999  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.33 to the Company's
            Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year  ended  March 31,
            1999).

     #10.39 Amendment  No.  3 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Monthly  Retirement Benefit Plan, dated March
            26,  2002  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.44  to  the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2002).


                                       36
<PAGE>

     #10.40 Amendment  No.  4 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon Corporation Monthly Retirement Benefit Plan, dated December
            20, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's
            Quarterly  Report  on Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended
            December 29, 2002).

     #10.41 Amendment  No.  5 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon Corporation Monthly Retirement Benefit Plan, dated February
            28,  2004  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.37  to  the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2004).

     #10.42 Amendment  No.  6 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  Monthly  Retirement Benefit Plan, dated March
            17,  2005  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.41  to  the
            Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
            31, 2005).

    *#10.43 Amendment  No.  7 to the  1998  Plan  Restatement  of  the  Columbus
            McKinnon Corporation Monthly Retirement Benefit Plan, dated December
            28, 2005.

     #10.44 Columbus McKinnon  Corporation Monthly Retirement Benefit Plan Trust
            Agreement  Effective as of April 1, 1987  (incorporated by reference
            to  Exhibit  10.34  to  the  Company's  Registration  Statement  No.
            33-80687 on Form S-1 dated December 21, 1995).

     #10.45 Form of Change in Control Agreement as entered into between Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation  and each of  Timothy  T.  Tevens,  Derwin  R.
            Gilbreath,  Ned T. Librock, Karen L. Howard, Joseph J. Owen, Richard
            A. Steinberg,  and Timothy R. Harvey,  (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit  10.33 to the  Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March, 31, 1998).

      10.46 Intercreditor  Agreement  dated as of July 22,  2003 among  Columbus
            McKinnon  Corporation,  the subsidiary guarantors as listed thereon,
            Fleet  Capital  Corporation,  as Credit  Agent,  and U.S. Bank Trust
            National  Association,  as Trustee  (incorporated  by  reference  to
            Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
            quarterly period ended June 29, 2003).

      10.47 Second Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement,  dated as
            of November 21, 2002 and amended and restated as of January 2, 2004,
            among Columbus McKinnon Corporation,  as Borrower,  Larco Industrial
            Services Ltd.,  Columbus  McKinnon  Limited,  the  Guarantors  Named
            Herein,  the Lenders  Party Hereto From Time to Time,  Fleet Capital
            Corporation,  as  Administrative  Agent,  Fleet  National  Bank,  as
            Issuing   Lender,    Congress   Financial   Corporation   (Central),
            Syndication  Agent,  Merrill  Lynch  Capital,  a Division of Merrill
            Lynch Business Financial Services Inc., as Documentation  Agent, and
            Fleet  Securities,  Inc., as Arranger  (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
            quarterly period ended December 28, 2003).

     #10.48 Columbus  McKinnon   Corporation   Corporate   Management   Variable
            Compensation Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
            Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly  period
            ended October 3, 2004).

      10.49 First  Amendment to that certain Second Amended and Restated  Credit
            and  Security  Agreement,  dated as of November 21, 2002 and amended
            and  restated  as  of  January  2,  2004,  among  Columbus  McKinnon
            Corporation,  as Borrower,  Larco Industrial Services Ltd., Columbus
            McKinnon  Limited,  the Guarantors  From Time to Time Party Thereto,
            the Lenders From Time to Time Party Thereto,  Bank of America,  N.A.
            as Administrative Agent for such Lenders and as Issuing Lender dated
            April 29, 2005  (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.1 to the
            Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2005).

      10.50 Second amendment, dated as of August 5, 2005, to that certain Second
            Amended and  Restated  Credit and  Security  Agreement,  dated as of
            November 21, 2002 and amended and restated as of January 2, 2004 (as
            amended by that  certain  First  Amendment  to that  certain  Second
            Amended and  Restated  Credit and  Security  Agreement,  dated as of
            April 29,  2005,  and as further  modified and  supplemented  and in
            effect from time to time,  the "Credit  Agreement"),  among Columbus
            McKinnon Corporation,  a corporation organized under the laws of New
            York (the  "Borrower"),  Larco Industrial  Services Ltd., a business
            corporation  organized  under the laws of the  Province  of Ontario,
            Columbus McKinnon Limited,  a business  corporation  organized under
            the laws of Canada,  the Guarantors from time to time party thereto,
            the Lenders from time to time party


                                       37
<PAGE>

            thereto  (collectively,  the "Lenders"),  Bank of America,  N.A., as
            Administrative  Agent for such Lenders (the  "Agent") and as Issuing
            Lender  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's
            Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated October 2, 2005).

      10.51 Third amendment, dated as of August 22, 2005, to that certain Second
            Amended and  Restated  Credit and  Security  Agreement,  dated as of
            November 21, 2002 and amended and restated as of January 2, 2004 (as
            amended by that  certain  First  Amendment  to that  certain  Second
            Amended and  Restated  Credit and  Security  Agreement,  dated as of
            April 29,  2005,  by that certain  Second  Amendment to that certain
            Second Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement,  dated as
            of August 5, 2005, and as further  modified and  supplemented and in
            effect from time to time,  the "Credit  Agreement"),  among Columbus
            McKinnon Corporation,  a corporation organized under the laws of New
            York (the  "Borrower"),  Larco Industrial  Services Ltd., a business
            corporation  organized  under the laws of the  Province  of Ontario,
            Columbus McKinnon Limited,  a business  corporation  organized under
            the laws of Canada,  the Guarantors from time to time party thereto,
            the  Lenders  from time to time  party  thereto  (collectively,  the
            "Lenders"),  Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for such
            Lenders  (the  "Agent")  and  as  Issuing  Lender  (incorporated  by
            reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form
            10-Q dated October 2, 2005).

      10.52 Fourth  amendment,  dated as of October 17,  2005,  to that  certain
            Second Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement,  dated as
            of November 21, 2002 and amended and restated as of January 2, 2004,
            and amended by that certain First Amendment to the Credit Agreement,
            dated as of April 29, 2005, and by that certain Second  Amendment to
            the  Credit  Agreement,  dated as of  August  5,  2005,  and by that
            certain Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement,  dated as of August
            22, 2005 (as further  amended,  supplemented  or otherwise  modified
            from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"),  among Columbus McKinnon
            Corporation  (the  "Borrower"),   Larco  Industrial  Services  Ltd.,
            Columbus McKinnon Limited, the Guarantors named therein, the lending
            institutions   party  thereto,   and  Bank  of  America,   N.A.,  as
            Administrative  Agent and  Issuing  Lender.  Capitalized  terms used
            herein  and not  defined  herein  shall have the  meanings  ascribed
            thereto  in the  Credit  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to
            Exhibit 10.3 to the  Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q dated
            October 2, 2005).

     *10.53 Third Amended and Restated Credit and Security  Agreement,  dated as
            of March  16,  2006  among  Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation,  as the
            Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Issuing
            Lender,  and  Other  Lenders  Party  Hereto,  and  Bank  of  America
            Securities LLC, as Arranger.

      *21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

      *23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

      *31.1 Certification  of the principal  executive  officer pursuant to Rule
            13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

      *31.2 Certification  of the principal  financial  officer pursuant to Rule
            13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

      *32.1 Certification of the principal  executive  officer and the principal
            financial  officer  pursuant  to Rule  13a-14(b)  of the  Securities
            Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended and 18 U.S.C.  Section  1350,  as
            adopted by  pursuant  to Section  906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
            2002. The information  contained in this exhibit shall not be deemed
            filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission nor  incorporated
            by reference in any registration  statement foiled by the Registrant
            under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

- -----------------
     *  Filed herewith
     #  Indicates a Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement


                                       38
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


Date:  June 7, 2006

                                   COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                                   By:  /S/  TIMOTHY T. TEVENS
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Timothy T. Tevens
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer


     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

        SIGNATURE                        TITLE                         DATE
        ---------                        -----                         ----

/S/ TIMOTHY T. TEVENS          President, Chief Executive          June 7, 2006
- -------------------------         Officer and Director
    TIMOTHY T. TEVENS             (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER)


/S/ KAREN L. HOWARD            Vice President - Finance            June 7, 2006
- -------------------------         and Chief Financial Officer
    KAREN L. HOWARD               (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND
                                  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER)


/S/ ERNEST R. VEREBELYI        Chairman of the Board of Directors  June 7, 2006
- -------------------------
    ERNEST R. VEREBELYI


/S/ CARLOS PASCUAL             Director                            June 7, 2006
- -------------------------
    CARLOS PASCUAL


/S/ RICHARD H. FLEMING         Director                            June 7, 2006
- -------------------------
    RICHARD H. FLEMING


/S/ HERBERT P. LADDS, JR.      Director                            June 7, 2006
- -------------------------
    HERBERT P. LADDS, JR.


/S/ WALLACE W. CREEK           Director                            June 7, 2006
- -------------------------
    WALLACE W. CREEK


/S/ LINDA A. GOODSPEED         Director                            June 7, 2006
- -------------------------
    LINDA A. GOODSPEED


/S/ STEPHEN RABINOWITZ         Director                            June 7, 2006
- -------------------------
    STEPHEN RABINOWITZ



                                       39

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.34
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>thrift410kplanamend12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT #12 TO 401(K) PLAN
<TEXT>
                COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION THRIFT 401(K) PLAN
                  AMENDMENT NO. 12 OF THE 1998 PLAN RESTATEMENT


     Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation  (the  "Corporation")   hereby  amends  the
Columbus McKinnon  Corporation  Thrift 401(K) Plan (the "Plan"),  as amended and
restated in its entirety  effective  January 1, 1998, and as further  amended by
Amendment  Nos.  1through 11, as permitted  under  Section 14.1 of the Plan,  as
follows:

     1. New Section 1.13A, entitled "Electronic Administration System," is added
to the Plan effective January 1, 2006 to read as follows:

"1.13A  ELECTRONIC  ADMINISTRATION  SYSTEM  MEANS  ANY  TELEPHONIC  OR  COMPUTER
OPERATED SYSTEM INCLUDING,  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, A VOICE RESPONSE SYSTEM ACCESSED
BY TELEPHONE AND A WEBSITE  ACCESSED BY INTERNET,  THAT PERMITS A PARTICIPANT TO
COMMUNICATE  INSTRUCTIONS  REGARDING  THE  EXERCISE  OF A  PARTICIPANT  RIGHT OR
ELECTION UNDER THE PLAN TO THE COMMITTEE OR ITS DESIGNEE."

     2. Section 2.4,  entitled  "Notice and  Enrollment",  is amended  effective
January 1, 2006 to read as follows:

"2.4 AUTOMATIC ENROLLMENT OF NEW ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES.

     (A) DEEMED  ELECTION TO MAKE SALARY  REDUCTION  CONTRIBUTIONS.  AN ELIGIBLE
EMPLOYEE SHALL BE DEEMED TO ELECT TO MAKE SALARY REDUCTION  CONTRIBUTIONS AT THE
RATE OF 2 PERCENT OF BASE PAY WHICH  ELECTION  SHALL BE EFFECTIVE  FOR THE FIRST
PAY  PERIOD  BEGINNING  ON OR AFTER  THE DATE ON WHICH  THE  EMPLOYEE  BECOMES A
PARTICIPANT  UNDER  SECTION  2.1(B)  SUBJECT TO THE FURTHER  PROVISIONS  OF THIS
SECTION  2.4. A DEEMED  ELECTION  UNDER THIS  SECTION 2.4 SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT
FROM YEAR TO YEAR, UNTIL IT IS SUPERSEDED BY AN AFFIRMATIVE  ELECTION  DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 3.1.

     (B)  NOTICE  REGARDING  AFFIRMATIVE  ELECTIONS.  NO DEEMED  ELECTION  UNDER
SECTION  2.4(A) SHALL BE GIVEN  EFFECT  UNLESS THE EMPLOYEE IS GIVEN A NOTICE IN
WRITING OR BE E-MAIL THAT THE EMPLOYEE MAY AFFIRMATIVELY  ELECT, DURING A PERIOD
OF NOT LESS THAN 10 DAYS  FOLLOWING  THE RECEIPT OF SUCH  NOTICE  (THE  "INITIAL
ELECTION  PERIOD"),  TO MAKE ANY ELECTION PERMITTED UNDER SECTION 3.1, INCLUDING
AN ELECTION TO MAKE NO SALARY REDUCTION  CONTRIBUTIONS.  THE NOTICE SHALL ADVISE
THE EMPLOYEE THAT HE MAY CHANGE HIS ELECTION (WHETHER IT IS A DEEMED ELECTION OR
AN AFFIRMATIVE ELECTION) AT ANY TIME BY MAKING A NEW ELECTION,  AND THAT THE NEW
ELECTION SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 3.1(B). THE NOTICE SHALL ALSO
DESCRIBE THE MANNER IN WHICH THE EMPLOYEE MUST MAKE AN AFFIRMATIVE ELECTION.

     (C) EFFECT OF AN AFFIRMATIVE  ELECTION. AN AFFIRMATIVE ELECTION MADE WITHIN
THE INITIAL  ELECTION  PERIOD UNDER  SECTION  2.4(B) SHALL  SUPERSEDE THE DEEMED
ELECTION  UNDER SECTION 2.4(A)  BEGINNING ON THE DATE THE DEEMED  ELECTION WOULD
OTHERWISE HAVE BEEN EFFECTIVE. AN AFFIRMATIVE ELECTION MADE BY AN EMPLOYEE AFTER
THE INITIAL  ELECTION  PERIOD  UNDER  SECTION  2.4(B)  SHALL BE GIVEN  EFFECT AS
PROVIDED IN SECTION 3.1(B)."

<PAGE>

     3. Section  3.1,  entitled  "Salary  Reduction  Contributions",  is amended
effective January 1, 2006 by changing subsections (a) and (b) thereof to read as
follows:

     "(A) ELECTION OF SALARY REDUCTION CONTRIBUTIONS.

          (1) IN GENERAL.  AN ELIGIBLE  EMPLOYEE  MAY ELECT THAT HIS BASE PAY BE
     REDUCED BY A SPECIFIED  FULL  PERCENTAGE OF AT LEAST 1 PERCENT AND NOT MORE
     THAN 30 PERCENT AND TO HAVE SUCH AMOUNT  CONTRIBUTED BY HIS EMPLOYER TO THE
     PLAN ON HIS BEHALF. SUCH ELECTION SHALL BE EFFECTIVE  COMMENCING AS SOON AS
     PRACTICABLE  AFTER THE ELECTION IS MADE AND SHALL  CONTINUE IN EFFECT UNTIL
     CHANGED OR DISCONTINUED.

          (2) DEEMED ELECTION OF NEW ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE. AN ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE WHO
     IS  DEEMED TO ELECT A SALARY  REDUCTION  CONTRIBUTION  OF 2  PERCENT  UNDER
     SECTION 2.4 MAY IN LIEU OF SUCH DEEMED ELECTION MAKE AN ELECTION UNDER THIS
     SECTION 3.1 TO MAKE A CONTRIBUTION OF A DIFFERENT PERCENTAGE (BETWEEN 1 AND
     30 PERCENT) OR TO MAKE NO CONTRIBUTION AND SUCH ELECTION SHALL BE EFFECTIVE
     AS OF THE TIME THE DEEMED ELECTION WOULD HAVE BEEN EFFECTIVE.

          (3)  HIGHLY  COMPENSATED  EMPLOYEES.  THE  PERCENTAGE  ELECTED  BY ANY
     ELIGIBLE  EMPLOYEE  WHO IS A HIGHLY  COMPENSATED  EMPLOYEE  IS  SUBJECT  TO
     REDUCTION  BY THE  COMMITTEE  TO THE EXTENT IT DEEMS  ADVISABLE IN ORDER TO
     INSURE COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 4.2

     (B) CHANGE OR DISCONTINUANCE OF ELECTION.

          (1) IN GENERAL.  A PARTICIPANT MAY DISCONTINUE HIS SALARY REDUCTION OR
     CHANGE HIS RATE OF SALARY  REDUCTION  (WITHIN THE LIMITS OF SECTION 3.1 AND
     SUBJECT TO ARTICLE 4 AND ARTICLE 5) BY MAKING A NEW ELECTION  UNDER SECTION
     3.1(A) AT SUCH TIME AND IN SUCH MANNER AS THE COMMITTEE MAY PRESCRIBE. SUCH
     DISCONTINUANCE  OR  CHANGE  SHALL  BE  EFFECTIVE   COMMENCING  AS  SOON  AS
     PRACTICABLE  AFTER THE NEW ELECTION IS MADE,  AND SHALL  CONTINUE IN EFFECT
     UNTIL CHANGED OR DISCONTINUED BY A SUBSEQUENT ELECTION.

          (2) AUTOMATIC  CONTRIBUTION  INCREASE. A PARTICIPANT MAY ELECT TO HAVE
     HIS RATE OF SALARY REDUCTION CONTRIBUTION  AUTOMATICALLY  INCREASED BY SUCH
     AMOUNTS AND AT SUCH TIMES AS THE PARTICIPANT MAY DETERMINE  (SUBJECT TO ANY
     LIMITS  IMPOSED BY THE COMMITTEE) BY MAKING AN ELECTION BY AT SUCH TIME AND
     IN SUCH  MANNER AS THE  COMMITTEE  MAY  PRESCRIBE.  THE  ELECTION  SHALL BE
     EFFECTIVE  COMMENCING AS SOON AS  PRACTICABLE  AFTER IT IS MADE,  AND SHALL
     CONTINUE IN EFFECT UNTIL CHANGED OR DISCONTINUED BY A SUBSEQUENT ELECTION."

     4. Section 6.4,  entitled "Notice to  Participants,"  is amended  effective
January 1, 2006 to read as follows:

<PAGE>

"6.4 NOTICE TO  PARTICIPANTS.  THE COMMITTEE SHALL NOTIFY EACH  PARTICIPANT (AND
EACH  ALTERNATE  PAYEE  UNDER  A  QDRO  AND  EACH   BENEFICIARY  OF  A  DECEASED
PARTICIPANT) OF THE BALANCE IN SUCH PERSON'S  ACCOUNT AS OF THE LAST DAY OF EACH
PLAN YEAR.  THE  COMMITTEE  MAY IN ITS  DISCRETION  NOTIFY  SUCH  PERSONS OF THE
BALANCES IN THEIR ACCOUNTS AT MORE FREQUENT  INTERVALS AND MAKE SUCH INFORMATION
AVAILABLE TO PARTICIPANTS BY MEANS OF AN ELECTRONIC ADMINISTRATION SYSTEM."

     5. Article 7,  entitled  "Funding and  Investments,"  is amended  effective
January 1, 2006 to read as follows:

                                   "ARTICLE 7

                             FUNDING AND INVESTMENTS

7.1 FUNDING METHOD AND POLICY.

     (A) IN GENERAL. THE FUNDING METHOD AND POLICY OF THE PLAN IS THE PAYMENT OF
ALL  CONTRIBUTIONS  TO THE  TRUSTEE,  WITH THE  CONTRIBUTIONS  TO BE HELD BY THE
TRUSTEE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE TRUST AGREEMENT,  AND THE INVESTMENT
OF CONTRIBUTIONS  AND OTHER AMOUNTS ALLOCATED TO THE ACCOUNT OF EACH PARTICIPANT
IN THE INVESTMENT FUND OR FUNDS DESIGNATED BY THE PARTICIPANT IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THIS ARTICLE 7.

     (B) COMMITTEE TO MAKE INVESTMENT FUNDS AVAILABLE.  THE COMMITTEE SHALL MAKE
AVAILABLE THREE OR MORE INVESTMENT FUNDS FOR THE INVESTMENT OF PLAN ASSETS. EACH
OF THE INVESTMENT  FUNDS SHALL HAVE SUCH INVESTMENT  OBJECTIVES AS THE COMMITTEE
SHALL APPROVE, IT BEING INTENDED THAT EACH PARTICIPANT SHALL BE OFFERED A NUMBER
OF INVESTMENT CHOICES, AT LEAST SOME OF WHICH HAVE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT RISK AND
RETURN CHARACTERISTICS, WHICH WILL PERMIT THE SELECTION BY THE PARTICIPANT OF AN
INVESTMENT  PORTFOLIO  SUITABLE  TO  HIS  INVESTMENT  OBJECTIVES.  EACH  OF  THE
INVESTMENT  FUNDS SHALL CONSIST OF ONE OR MORE INVESTMENT  VEHICLES  SELECTED BY
THE COMMITTEE,  INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,  POOLED FUNDS AND/OR MUTUAL FUNDS.
ASSETS OF ANY  INVESTMENT  FUND MAY BE  TEMPORARILY  HELD IN CASH OR INVESTED IN
SHORT-TERM FIXED INCOME OBLIGATIONS ISSUED BY GOVERNMENTS,  GOVERNMENT AGENCIES,
OR CORPORATIONS, INCLUDING BANK DEPOSITS.

     (C)  INFORMATION  PROVIDED TO  PARTICIPANTS.  THE  COMMITTEE  SHALL PROVIDE
SUFFICIENTLY  DETAILED  INFORMATION  TO THE  PARTICIPANTS  WITH  RESPECT  TO THE
INVESTMENT FUNDS TO ENABLE PARTICIPANTS TO EXERCISE CONTROL OVER THE PLAN ASSETS
ALLOCATED TO THEIR ACCOUNTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 404(C) OF ERISA.

     (D)  VOTING OF  SHARES.  THE  TRUSTEE  SHALL  VOTE ALL  SHARES  HELD IN ALL
INVESTMENT FUNDS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, SHARES OF A MUTUAL FUND.

7.2 CHANGES IN INVESTMENT FUNDS.

<PAGE>

     (A) RIGHT TO CHANGE  INVESTMENT  FUNDS. THE COMMITTEE IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE
AVAILABLE  SUCH  ADDITIONAL  OR  DIFFERENT  INVESTMENT  FUNDS  AS  IT  MAY  DEEM
APPROPRIATE.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE COMMITTEE IS AUTHORIZED AT ANY
TIME  AND FROM  TIME TO TIME TO ADD  ADDITIONAL  INVESTMENT  FUNDS  HAVING  SUCH
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS IT SHALL DETERMINE,  TO MODIFY THE PROVISIONS GOVERNING
ANY EXISTING  INVESTMENT  FUND, OR TO ELIMINATE ONE OR MORE EXISTING  INVESTMENT
FUNDS.

     (B) PLAN  ASSETS  HELD IN  DISCONTINUED  FUNDS.  IN THE  EVENT AN  EXISTING
INVESTMENT  FUND  IS  ELIMINATED  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH  THIS  SECTION  7.2 AND A
PARTICIPANT  WITH  PLAN  ASSETS  INVESTED  IN THE  FUND  FAILS  TO  GIVE  TIMELY
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE COMMITTEE TO REINVEST SUCH ASSETS IN A DIFFERENT  INVESTMENT
FUND, THE PARTICIPANT'S ASSETS SHALL BE REINVESTED IN THE CONTINUING  INVESTMENT
FUND THAT CONTAINS  INVESTMENTS MOST SIMILAR TO THOSE THAT WERE  DISCONTINUED OR
IN SUCH  OTHER  DEFAULT  INVESTMENT  FUND AS THE  COMMITTEE  MAY  SELECT  IN ITS
DISCRETION.

7.3 INVESTMENT OF FUTURE CONTRIBUTIONS.

     (A) RIGHT TO ELECT  INVESTMENTS.  AT THE TIME HE BECOMES A PARTICIPANT  AND
FROM TIME TO TIME THEREAFTER,  EACH PARTICIPANT MAY ELECT THE INVESTMENT FUND OR
FUNDS  AND  THE   PORTION   THEREOF  IN  WHICH  HIS  FUTURE   SALARY   REDUCTION
CONTRIBUTIONS,  RELATED MATCHING  CONTRIBUTIONS AND ROLLOVER  CONTRIBUTIONS,  IF
ANY, ARE TO BE INVESTED. INVESTMENT FUNDS SHALL BE ELECTED IN MULTIPLES OF 5% OF
CONTRIBUTIONS,  OR IN SUCH OTHER  PERCENTAGES AS THE COMMITTEE SHALL  AUTHORIZE.
ALL CONTRIBUTIONS SHALL BE INVESTED IN THE SAME PORTIONS, IN THE SAME INVESTMENT
FUND OR FUNDS.

     (B) MANNER OF ELECTING  INVESTMENTS.  INVESTMENT  FUNDS SHALL BE ELECTED BY
THE PARTICIPANT  FILING A WRITTEN  INVESTMENT  SELECTION ON A FORM PRESCRIBED BY
THE COMMITTEE,  BY THE PARTICIPANT ENTERING THE APPROPRIATE  INFORMATION INTO AN
ELECTRONIC  ADMINISTRATION  SYSTEM IN A FORM  PRESCRIBED  BY THE  ADMINISTRATIVE
COMMITTEE,  OR IN SUCH OTHER MANNER AS MAY BE AUTHORIZED  BY THE  ADMINISTRATIVE
COMMITTEE.

     (C) WHEN  ELECTIONS  BECOME  EFFECTIVE.  AN INVESTMENT  ELECTION UNDER THIS
SECTION 7.3 SHALL BECOME  EFFECTIVE AS SOON AS  PRACTICABLE AS DETERMINED BY THE
COMMITTEE.

     (D) EFFECT OF AN ELECTION.  AN INVESTMENT  ELECTION  UNDER THIS SECTION 7.3
SHALL APPLY TO ALL CONTRIBUTIONS  CREDITED TO THE  PARTICIPANT'S  ACCOUNT ON AND
AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE ELECTION AND SHALL REMAIN  EFFECTIVE UNTIL A NEW
ELECTION UNDER THIS SECTION 7.3 BECOMES EFFECTIVE.

     (E)  FAILURE  TO  ELECT  INVESTMENTS.  IF A  PARTICIPANT  FAILS  TO MAKE AN
ELECTION OF INVESTMENT  FUND OR FUNDS UNDER THIS SECTION 7.3, HE SHALL BE DEEMED
TO HAVE ELECTED THAT HIS FUTURE CONTRIBUTIONS BE INVESTED 100% IN THE INVESTMENT
FUND OR FUNDS DESIGNATED FROM TIME TO TIME BY THE COMMITTEE.

<PAGE>

7.4 REINVESTMENT OF EXISTING ACCOUNT BALANCE.

     (A) RIGHT TO REINVEST.  A PARTICIPANT MAY AT ANY TIME ELECT THAT THE ENTIRE
BALANCE OF HIS ACCOUNT BE REINVESTED IN SUCH DIFFERENT INVESTMENT FUND OR FUNDS,
OR IN SUCH  DIFFERENT  PERCENTAGES  PERMITTED  UNDER  SECTION  7.3,  AS HE SHALL
DIRECT.  EACH SUB-ACCOUNT SHALL BE REINVESTED IN THE SAME PORTIONS,  IN THE SAME
INVESTMENT FUND OR FUNDS.  ELECTIONS TO REINVEST  ACCOUNT BALANCES SHALL BE MADE
IN A MANNER  SIMILAR TO ELECTIONS  PERMITTED  UNDER SECTION 7.3 AND SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE AS PROVIDED UNDER SECTION 7.3(C).

     (B)  RETROSPECTIVE  EFFECT. A REINVESTMENT  ELECTION UNDER THIS SECTION 7.4
SHALL  APPLY ONLY TO AMOUNTS  CREDITED TO THE  PARTICIPANT'S  ACCOUNTS AS OF THE
APPLICABLE  VALUATION DATE AND SHALL NOT APPLY TO  CONTRIBUTIONS  RECEIVED AFTER
THAT DATE.

     (C) AUTOMATIC  REBALANCING  ELECTION.  A PARTICIPANT  MAY ELECT TO HAVE HIS
INVESTMENT  PORTFOLIO UNDER THE PLAN AUTOMATICALLY  REINVESTED FROM TIME TO TIME
IN  SUCH  INVESTMENT  FUNDS  AND IN  SUCH  PERCENTAGES  AS THE  PARTICIPANT  MAY
DETERMINE.  AN ELECTION  UNDER THIS SECTION  7.4(C) SHALL BE MADE IN SUCH MANNER
AND AT SUCH TIME AS THE  COMMITTEE  SHALL  PRESCRIBE  AND SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT
UNTIL  SUPERSEDED  BY AN ELECTION  UNDER THIS  SECTION  7.4(C)  THAT  CHANGES OR
CANCELS THE PREVIOUS ELECTION.

     (D) AUTOMATIC REBALANCING NOTIFICATION.  A PARTICIPANT MAY ELECT TO RECEIVE
A NOTICE  FROM THE  COMMITTEE  WHENEVER  THE  PERCENTAGES  OF THE  PARTICIPANT'S
ACCOUNT  INVESTED  IN VARIOUS  INVESTMENT  FUNDS  INCREASE  OR  DECREASE  BEYOND
SPECIFIED  LIMITS.  SUCH NOTICES SHALL BE GIVEN WITH SUCH  FREQUENCY AND IN SUCH
FORM AS THE COMMITTEE MAY  PRESCRIBE  FROM TIME TO TIME. AN ELECTION  UNDER THIS
SECTION  7.4(D)  SHALL BE MADE IN SUCH MANNER AND AT SUCH TIME AS THE  COMMITTEE
SHALL PRESCRIBE AND SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT UNTIL SUPERSEDED BY AN ELECTION UNDER
THIS SECTION 7.4(D) THAT CHANGES OR CANCELS THE PREVIOUS ELECTION.

7.5 ALLOCATION OF WITHDRAWALS,  LOANS AND  DISTRIBUTIONS.  WHERE A PARTICIPANT'S
CONTRIBUTIONS  ARE INVESTED IN MORE THAN ONE INVESTMENT  FUND, THE AMOUNT OF ANY
WITHDRAWAL,  LOAN, OR DISTRIBUTION SHALL BE CHARGED AGAINST EACH SUCH INVESTMENT
FUND IN  PROPORTION TO THE  PARTICIPANT'S  ACCOUNT  BALANCE IN EACH,  UNLESS THE
COMMITTEE SHALL ESTABLISH  PROCEDURES  PERMITTING  PARTICIPANTS TO DESIGNATE THE
SOURCE OF A LOAN, WITHDRAWAL OR DISTRIBUTION AND THE PARTICIPANT SHALL HAVE MADE
A DESIGNATION.

7.6 MERGED PLAN INVESTMENTS.  THE COMMITTEE MAY DIRECT THE TRUSTEE TO RETAIN ANY
INVESTMENT MADE UNDER A TAX-QUALIFIED PLAN THAT IS MERGED INTO THE PLAN FOR SUCH
LENGTH OF TIME AS THE COMMITTEE MAY DEEM  APPROPRIATE IN ORDER TO FACILITATE THE
MERGER OF SUCH PLAN INTO THE PLAN,  FACILITATE THE  ADMINISTRATION  OF THE PLAN,
AVOID WITHDRAWAL  PENALTIES,  OR TO ACCOMPLISH ANY SIMILAR GOAL. THE INVESTMENTS
OF  MERGED  PLANS  THAT ARE  RETAINED  UNDER THE PLAN MAY  INCLUDE,  BUT ARE NOT
LIMITED TO, GUARANTEED  INVESTMENT CONTRACTS AND INVESTMENTS UNDER GROUP ANNUITY
CONTRACTS ISSUED BY INSURANCE  COMPANIES.  THE EARNINGS AND LOSSES INCURRED WITH
RESPECT TO SUCH INVESTMENTS  SHALL, TO THE EXTENT  PRACTICABLE,  BE ALLOCATED TO

<PAGE>

PARTICIPANTS  WHO WERE  PARTICIPANTS IN THE RELEVANT MERGED PLANS, IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THEIR  RESPECTIVE  ACCOUNT  BALANCES AND  INVESTMENT  SELECTIONS  UNDER THE
MERGED PLANS."

     6. New Section 9.7,  entitled  "Forfeiture of Uncashed Checks," is added to
the Plan effective January 1, 2006 and shall read as follows:

`9.7 FORFEITURE OF UNCASHED CHECKS. IN THE EVENT THAT A DISTRIBUTION  PAYMENT IS
MADE BY THE PLAN TO A PARTICIPANT OR  BENEFICIARY  BY MEANS OF A CHECK,  AND THE
CHECK IS NOT  CASHED  WITHIN  ONE YEAR  FOLLOWING  THE  DATE OF  ISSUE,  AND THE
COMMITTEE DETERMINES THAT THE CHECK IS UNLIKELY TO BE CASHED IN THE FUTURE, THEN
THE  COMMITTEE  MAY STOP  PAYMENT ON THE CHECK,  IN WHICH CASE THE AMOUNT OF THE
CHECK  SHALL BE  FORFEITED  TO THE PLAN AND USED TO PAY PLAN  EXPENSES.  IN SUCH
CASE,  THE  AMOUNT  OF  THE  CHECK,  WITHOUT  INTEREST,  SHALL  BE  PAID  TO THE
PARTICIPANT OR BENEFICIARY  (OR OTHER PERSON  ENTITLED TO THE PAYMENT) IF AT ANY
LATER TIME A CLAIM IS MADE BY THE  PARTICIPANT OR  BENEFICIARY  (OR OTHER PERSON
ENTITLED TO THE PAYMENT). NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 9.7 SHALL DIMINISH THE DUTY OF
THE COMMITTEE TO SEARCH FOR LOST PARTICIPANTS AND BENEFICIARIES AND TO TAKE SUCH
ACTIONS AS MAY BE REASONABLE UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES TO ENSURE THAT DISTRIBUTION
CHECKS ARE CASHED."

     7. Section 10.3,  entitled  "Hardship  Withdrawals,"  is amended  effective
January 1, 2005 by changing Section 10.3(d)(2) to read as follows:

          "(2) DEEMED  IMMEDIATE AND HEAVY FINANCIAL NEED. A WITHDRAWAL SHALL BE
     DEEMED TO BE MADE ON ACCOUNT OF AN IMMEDIATE  AND HEAVY  FINANCIAL  NEED OF
     THE PARTICIPANT IF THE WITHDRAWAL IS ON ACCOUNT OF ONE OF THE FOLLOWING:

               (A) EXPENSES FOR (OR NECESSARY TO OBTAIN) MEDICAL CARE THAT WOULD
          BE DEDUCTIBLE UNDER CODE SECTION 213(D) (DETERMINED  WITHOUT REGARD TO
          WHETHER THE EXPENSES EXCEED 7.5% OF ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME);

               (B)  COSTS  DIRECTLY  RELATED  TO  THE  PURCHASE  OF A  PRINCIPAL
          RESIDENCE FOR THE PARTICIPANT (EXCLUDING MORTGAGE PAYMENTS);

               (C) PAYMENT OF TUITION,  RELATED  EDUCATIONAL  FEES, AND ROOM AND
          BOARD  EXPENSES,  FOR UP TO  THE  NEXT  12  MONTHS  OF  POST-SECONDARY
          EDUCATION FOR THE PARTICIPANT,  OR THE PARTICIPANT'S SPOUSE, CHILDREN,
          OR DEPENDENTS  (AS DEFINED IN CODE SECTION 152, AND, FOR TAXABLE YEARS
          BEGINNING ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1, 2005,  WITHOUT REGARD TO CODE SECTION
          152(B)(1), (B)(2) AND (D)(1)(B)); OR

               (D) PAYMENTS NECESSARY TO PREVENT THE EVICTION OF THE PARTICIPANT
          FROM THE  PARTICIPANT'S  PRINCIPAL  RESIDENCE  OR  FORECLOSURE  ON THE
          MORTGAGE ON THAT RESIDENCE;

<PAGE>

               (E) PAYMENT FOR BURIAL OR FUNERAL EXPENSES FOR THE  PARTICIPANT'S
          PARENT, SPOUSE, CHILD OR DEPENDENT; OR

               (F)  PAYMENT  OF  EXPENSES  FOR  THE  REPAIR  OF  DAMAGE  TO  THE
          PARTICIPANT'S PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE PROVIDED SUCH EXPENSES WOULD QUALIFY
          FOR A CASUALTY  DEDUCTION UNDER CODE SECTION 165  (DETERMINED  WITHOUT
          REGARD TO WHETHER THE LOSS EXCEEDS 10% OF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  ADJUSTED
          GROSS INCOME."

     8. Section 10.5, entitled "Loan Documents and Policy," is amended effective
January 1, 2006 to read as follows:

"10.5 LOAN DOCUMENTS AND POLICY.

     (A)  LOAN  DOCUMENTS.  THE  COMMITTEE  SHALL  PREPARE  THE  FOLLOWING  LOAN
DOCUMENTS,  WHICH SHALL BE  EXECUTED BY THE  PARTICIPANT  AND  DELIVERED  TO THE
COMMITTEE PRIOR TO THE DISBURSEMENT OF ANY LOAN PROCEEDS:  [1] A PROMISSORY NOTE
PAYABLE TO THE TRUSTEE AND CONTAINING SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS AS THE COMMITTEE
SHALL  DETERMINE;  [2] A SECURITY  AGREEMENT  GRANTING  TO THE TRUSTEE A LIEN ON
ONE-HALF  THE  VALUE  OF  THE  PARTICIPANT'S   ACCOUNT;  AND  [3]  AN  AGREEMENT
AUTHORIZING  THE EMPLOYER TO DEDUCT  INSTALLMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST FROM
HIS WAGES  DURING THE PERIOD THAT THE LOAN REMAINS  OUTSTANDING.  ALTERNATIVELY,
THE COMMITTEE MAY ESTABLISH PROCEDURES WHERE APPLICATIONS FOR LOANS ARE MADE VIA
AN  ELECTRONIC  ADMINISTRATION  SYSTEM AND THE ONLY  DOCUMENTATION  OF THE LOAN,
INCLUDING THE  PARTICIPANT'S  AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LOAN,
ARE [1] RESPONSES  GIVEN BY THE  PARTICIPANT  VIA THE ELECTRONIC  ADMINISTRATION
SYSTEM  AND [2] THE  NEGOTIATION  OF A DRAFT  ISSUED TO THE  PARTICIPANT  IN THE
AMOUNT OF THE LOAN PROCEEDS,  AND/OR [3] SUCH  ADDITIONAL  DOCUMENTATION  AS THE
COMMITTEE DEEMS APPROPRIATE.

     (B) WRITTEN LOAN POLICY.  THE  COMMITTEE IS  AUTHORIZED TO IMPOSE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS ON LOANS THAT ARE IN ADDITION TO AND/OR  DIFFERENT FROM THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS  SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.4,  AND TO CHANGE SUCH TERMS AND  CONDITIONS
FROM TIME TO TIME, AS IT DEEMS  APPROPRIATE.  SUCH ADDITIONAL  AND/OR  DIFFERENT
TERMS  AND  CONDITIONS  SHALL BE SET FORTH IN A WRITTEN  LOAN  POLICY  WHICH MAY
CONSIST IN WHOLE OR PART IN THE LANGUAGE  INCORPORATED IN  ADMINISTRATIVE  FORMS
AND/OR THE PROGRAMMING IN AN ELECTRONIC ADMINISTRATION SYSTEM."

     9. Section 11.3,  entitled  "Authority of Committee," is amended  effective
January 1, 2006 by adding new subsection (e) thereto, to read as follows:

     "(E) PLAN ADMINISTRATION PROCEDURES. BY WAY OF ADDITIONAL EXPLANATION,  AND
WITHOUT  MEANING  TO  IMPLY  ANY  LIMITATION  ON THE  AUTHORITY  GRANTED  TO THE
COMMITTEE  UNDER  SECTION  11.3(A),  THE  COMMITTEE MAY DETERMINE THE METHODS BY
WHICH  COMMITTEE  DECISIONS,   PARTICIPANT   ELECTIONS  AND  OTHER  MATTERS  ARE
COMMUNICATED  UNDER THE PLAN.  TO THE EXTENT  PERMITTED  BY  APPLICABLE  LAW AND

<PAGE>

REGULATIONS,  AND NOTWITHSTANDING  REFERENCES  ELSEWHERE IN THE PLAN DOCUMENT TO
"FORMS" AND  "WRITING,"  SUCH ITEMS MAY BE  COMMUNICATED  BY MEANS OF ELECTRONIC
ADMINISTRATION SYSTEMS IN ADDITION TO OR IN LIEU OF WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS."


WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  instrument  of  amendment  has been  executed by a duly
authorized officer of the Corporation this 27th day of December, 2005.

                          COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION


                          By     Timothy R. Harvey
                                 -----------------------------


                          Title: General Counsel and Secretary
                                 -----------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.43
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mrbplanamend7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT #7 TO MRB PLAN
<TEXT>


                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION
                         MONTHLY RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN

              PROPOSED AMENDMENT NO. 7 OF THE 1998 PLAN RESTATEMENT


     Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation (the "Company")  hereby amends the Columbus
McKinnon  Corporation  Monthly Retirement Benefit Plan (the "Plan"),  as amended
and restated in its entirety  effective April 1, 1998, and as further amended by
Amendment  Nos.  1through 6, as permitted  under  Section  10.1 of the Plan,  as
follows:


1. Section 5.1, entitled "Commencement of Benefit", is amended effective January
1, 2003 by changing Section 5.1(a)(2) to read as follows:

          "(2)  TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.  THE  PARTICIPANT HAS CEASED TO BE AN
     EMPLOYEE (EXCEPT THAT AN EMPLOYEE WHO IS NOT A "5-PERCENT OWNER" WITHIN THE
     MEANING OF SECTION  5.5(F)(4) MAY ELECT TO COMMENCE  BENEFIT PAYMENTS ON OR
     AFTER APRIL 1ST OF THE CALENDAR  YEAR  FOLLOWING THE CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH
     THE EMPLOYEE ATTAINS AGE 70-1/2 WITHOUT CEASING TO BE AN EMPLOYEE)."


2. Section 5.1, entitled  "Commencement of Benefit",  is amended effective April
1, 2004 by changing Section 5.1(c)(1)(B) to read as follows:

          "(B) RETROACTIVE  ANNUITY  STARTING DATES. A PARTICIPANT  SHALL NOT BE
     GIVEN THE NOTICE  DESCRIBED IN SECTION  5.2(D)  AFTER HIS ANNUITY  STARTING
     DATE EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER SECTION 5.9."


3. Section 5.5, entitled  "Required Minimum  Distributions" is amended effective
January 1, 2003 to read as follows:

"5.5 REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBUTIONS.

(A) GENERAL RULES.

          (1) EFFECTIVE DATE. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 5.5 SHALL APPLY FOR
     PURPOSES OF DETERMINING  REQUIRED MINIMUM  DISTRIBUTIONS FOR CALENDAR YEARS
     BEGINNING WITH THE 2003 CALENDAR YEAR.

          (2)  PRECEDENCE.  THE  REQUIREMENTS  OF THIS  SECTION  5.5 SHALL  TAKE
     PRECEDENCE OVER ANY INCONSISTENT PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN.

<PAGE>

          (3)   REQUIREMENTS   OF   TREASURY   REGULATIONS   INCORPORATED.   ALL
     DISTRIBUTIONS  REQUIRED UNDER THIS SECTION 5.5 SHALL BE DETERMINED AND MADE
     IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TREASURY  REGULATIONS UNDER SECTION 401(A)(9) OF THE
     CODE.

          (4)  TEFRA  SECTION  242(B)(2)  ELECTIONS.  NOTWITHSTANDING  THE OTHER
     PROVISIONS  OF  THIS  SECTION  5.5,  DISTRIBUTIONS  MAY  BE  MADE  UNDER  A
     DESIGNATION  MADE  BEFORE  JANUARY  1, 1984,  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH  SECTION
     242(B)(2) OF THE TAX EQUITY AND FISCAL  RESPONSIBILITY  ACT (TEFRA) AND THE
     PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN THAT RELATE TO SECTION 242(B)(2) OF TEFRA.

          (5) THIS SECTION DOES NOT GRANT RIGHTS. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION
     5.5 ARE INCLUDED IN THE PLAN AS  LIMITATIONS  REQUIRED BY THE CODE,  AND NO
     PROVISION  HEREOF SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO EXPAND THE AVAILABILITY OF FORMS OF
     DISTRIBUTION, WHICH SHALL BE DETERMINED EXCLUSIVELY UNDER SECTION 5.2.

(B) TIME AND MANNER OF DISTRIBUTION.

          (1) REQUIRED BEGINNING DATE. THE PARTICIPANT'S ENTIRE INTEREST WILL BE
     DISTRIBUTED,  OR BEGIN TO BE DISTRIBUTED,  TO THE PARTICIPANT NO LATER THAN
     THE PARTICIPANT'S REQUIRED BEGINNING DATE.

          (2)  DEATH  OF  PARTICIPANT   BEFORE   DISTRIBUTIONS   BEGIN.  IF  THE
     PARTICIPANT  DIES BEFORE  DISTRIBUTIONS  BEGIN,  THE  PARTICIPANT'S  ENTIRE
     INTEREST WILL BE DISTRIBUTED,  OR BEGIN TO BE DISTRIBUTED, NO LATER THAN AS
     FOLLOWS:

               (A) IF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  SURVIVING SPOUSE IS THE  PARTICIPANT'S
          SOLE  DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY,  THEN,  EXCEPT AS  PROVIDED IN THE PLAN
          OUTSIDE THIS SECTION 5.5,  DISTRIBUTIONS  TO THE SURVIVING SPOUSE WILL
          BEGIN BY DECEMBER 31 OF THE CALENDAR  YEAR  IMMEDIATELY  FOLLOWING THE
          CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH THE PARTICIPANT  DIED, OR BY DECEMBER 31 OF THE
          CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH THE PARTICIPANT WOULD HAVE ATTAINED AGE 70-1/2,
          IF LATER.

               (B)  IF  THE   PARTICIPANT'S   SURVIVING   SPOUSE   IS  NOT   THE
          PARTICIPANT'S SOLE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY, THEN, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN
          THE PLAN OUTSIDE THIS SECTION  5.5,  DISTRIBUTIONS  TO THE  DESIGNATED
          BENEFICIARY WILL BEGIN BY DECEMBER 31 OF THE CALENDAR YEAR IMMEDIATELY
          FOLLOWING THE CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH THE PARTICIPANT DIED.

               (C) IF THERE IS NO DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY  AS OF SEPTEMBER 30 OF
          THE  YEAR  FOLLOWING  THE  YEAR  OF  THE   PARTICIPANT'S   DEATH,  THE
          PARTICIPANT'S  ENTIRE  INTEREST WILL BE  DISTRIBUTED BY DECEMBER 31 OF
          THE CALENDAR YEAR CONTAINING THE 5TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE  PARTICIPANT'S
          DEATH.

               (D) IF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  SURVIVING SPOUSE IS THE  PARTICIPANT'S
          SOLE DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY  AND THE SURVIVING  SPOUSE DIES AFTER THE
          PARTICIPANT BUT BEFORE  DISTRIBUTIONS  TO THE SURVIVING  SPOUSE BEGIN,

<PAGE>

          THIS SECTION 0(B)(2),  OTHER THAN SECTION 5.5(B)(2)(A),  WILL APPLY AS
          IF THE SURVIVING SPOUSE WERE THE PARTICIPANT.

FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION  5.5(B)(2) AND SECTION  5.5(E),  DISTRIBUTIONS  ARE
CONSIDERED TO BEGIN ON THE PARTICIPANT'S REQUIRED BEGINNING DATE (OR, IF SECTION
5.5(B)(2)(D)  APPLIES,  THE  DATE  DISTRIBUTIONS  ARE  REQUIRED  TO BEGIN TO THE
SURVIVING SPOUSE UNDER SECTION  5.5(B)(2)(A)).  IF ANNUITY PAYMENTS  IRREVOCABLY
COMMENCE TO THE PARTICIPANT BEFORE THE PARTICIPANT'S REQUIRED BEGINNING DATE (OR
TO THE PARTICIPANT'S SURVIVING SPOUSE BEFORE THE DATE DISTRIBUTIONS ARE REQUIRED
TO  BEGIN  TO  THE  SURVIVING  SPOUSE  UNDER  SECTION  5.5(B)(2)(A)),  THE  DATE
DISTRIBUTIONS  ARE  CONSIDERED  TO  BEGIN  IS THE  DATE  DISTRIBUTIONS  ACTUALLY
COMMENCE.

          (3)  FORM  OF  DISTRIBUTION.   THE  PARTICIPANT'S   INTEREST  MUST  BE
     DISTRIBUTED  IN THE FORM OF AN  ANNUITY OR IN A SINGLE SUM ON OR BEFORE THE
     REQUIRED  BEGINNING DATE. IF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  INTEREST IS DISTRIBUTED IN
     THE FORM OF AN ANNUITY, DISTRIBUTIONS THEREUNDER WILL BE MADE IN ACCORDANCE
     WITH THE  REQUIREMENTS  OF SECTION  401(A)(9)  OF THE CODE AND THE TREASURY
     REGULATIONS.

(C) DETERMINATION OF AMOUNT TO BE DISTRIBUTED EACH YEAR.

          (1) GENERAL ANNUITY  REQUIREMENTS.  IF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  INTEREST IS
     PAID IN THE FORM OF ANNUITY  DISTRIBUTIONS  UNDER THE PLAN,  PAYMENTS UNDER
     THE ANNUITY SHALL SATISFY THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS:

               (A) THE ANNUITY  DISTRIBUTIONS SHALL BE PAID IN PERIODIC PAYMENTS
          MADE AT INTERVALS NOT LONGER THAN ONE YEAR;

               (B) THE  DISTRIBUTION  PERIOD  SHALL BE OVER A LIFE (OR LIVES) OR
          OVER A PERIOD CERTAIN NOT LONGER THAN THE PERIOD  DESCRIBED IN SECTION
          5.5(D) OR 5.5(E);

               (C) PAYMENTS  SHALL EITHER BE  NONINCREASING  OR INCREASE ONLY AS
          FOLLOWS:

               (I) BY AN ANNUAL  PERCENTAGE  INCREASE  THAT DOES NOT  EXCEED THE
          ANNUAL PERCENTAGE INCREASE IN A COST-OF-LIVING  INDEX THAT IS BASED ON
          PRICES OF ALL ITEMS AND ISSUED BY THE BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS;

               (II)  TO  THE  EXTENT  OF THE  REDUCTION  IN  THE  AMOUNT  OF THE
          PARTICIPANT'S  PAYMENTS TO PROVIDE FOR A SURVIVOR  BENEFIT UPON DEATH,
          BUT ONLY IF THE BENEFICIARY WHOSE LIFE WAS BEING USED TO DETERMINE THE
          DISTRIBUTION  PERIOD  DESCRIBED IN SECTION 5.5(D) DIES OR IS NO LONGER
          THE  PARTICIPANT'S   BENEFICIARY  PURSUANT  TO  A  QUALIFIED  DOMESTIC
          RELATIONS ORDER WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 414(P);

<PAGE>

               (III) TO PROVIDE CASH REFUNDS OF EMPLOYEE  CONTRIBUTIONS UPON THE
          PARTICIPANT'S DEATH; OR

               (IV) TO PAY INCREASED BENEFITS THAT RESULT FROM A PLAN AMENDMENT.

          (2) AMOUNT REQUIRED TO BE DISTRIBUTED BY REQUIRED  BEGINNING DATE. THE
     AMOUNT THAT MUST BE  DISTRIBUTED  ON OR BEFORE THE  PARTICIPANT'S  REQUIRED
     BEGINNING DATE (OR, IF THE PARTICIPANT DIES BEFORE DISTRIBUTIONS BEGIN, THE
     DATE  DISTRIBUTIONS  ARE REQUIRED TO BEGIN UNDER  SECTION  5.5(B)(2)(A)  OR
     5.5(B)(2)(B)) IS THE PAYMENT THAT IS REQUIRED FOR ONE PAYMENT INTERVAL. THE
     SECOND PAYMENT NEED NOT BE MADE UNTIL THE END OF THE NEXT PAYMENT  INTERVAL
     EVEN IF THAT  PAYMENT  INTERVAL  ENDS IN THE NEXT  CALENDAR  YEAR.  PAYMENT
     INTERVALS  ARE  THE  PERIODS  FOR  WHICH   PAYMENTS  ARE  RECEIVED,   E.G.,
     BI-MONTHLY,  MONTHLY,  SEMI-ANNUALLY, OR ANNUALLY. ALL OF THE PARTICIPANT'S
     BENEFIT ACCRUALS AS OF THE LAST DAY OF THE FIRST DISTRIBUTION CALENDAR YEAR
     SHALL BE INCLUDED IN THE CALCULATION OF THE AMOUNT OF THE ANNUITY  PAYMENTS
     FOR  PAYMENT  INTERVALS  ENDING  ON OR  AFTER  THE  PARTICIPANT'S  REQUIRED
     BEGINNING DATE.

          (3) ADDITIONAL  ACCRUALS AFTER FIRST  DISTRIBUTION  CALENDAR YEAR. ANY
     ADDITIONAL  BENEFITS  ACCRUING TO THE  PARTICIPANT IN A CALENDAR YEAR AFTER
     THE FIRST  DISTRIBUTION  CALENDAR YEAR SHALL BE DISTRIBUTED  BEGINNING WITH
     THE  FIRST  PAYMENT  INTERVAL  ENDING  IN  THE  CALENDAR  YEAR  IMMEDIATELY
     FOLLOWING THE CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH SUCH AMOUNT ACCRUES.

(D) REQUIREMENTS FOR ANNUITY  DISTRIBUTIONS  THAT COMMENCE DURING  PARTICIPANT'S
LIFETIME.

          (1)  JOINT  LIFE   ANNUITIES   WHERE  THE   BENEFICIARY   IS  NOT  THE
     PARTICIPANT'S SPOUSE. IF THE PARTICIPANT'S INTEREST IS BEING DISTRIBUTED IN
     THE  FORM OF A JOINT  AND  SURVIVOR  ANNUITY  FOR THE  JOINT  LIVES  OF THE
     PARTICIPANT AND A NONSPOUSE BENEFICIARY,  ANNUITY PAYMENTS TO BE MADE ON OR
     AFTER  THE  PARTICIPANT'S   REQUIRED   BEGINNING  DATE  TO  THE  DESIGNATED
     BENEFICIARY AFTER THE  PARTICIPANT'S  DEATH MUST NOT AT ANY TIME EXCEED THE
     APPLICABLE  PERCENTAGE  OF THE  ANNUITY  PAYMENT FOR SUCH PERIOD THAT WOULD
     HAVE BEEN PAYABLE TO THE PARTICIPANT  USING THE TABLE SET FORTH IN Q&A-2 OF
     SECTION  1.401(A)(9)-6  OF  THE  TREASURY  REGULATIONS.   IF  THE  FORM  OF
     DISTRIBUTION  COMBINES A JOINT AND SURVIVOR  ANNUITY FOR THE JOINT LIVES OF
     THE PARTICIPANT AND A NONSPOUSE  BENEFICIARY AND A PERIOD CERTAIN  ANNUITY,
     THE REQUIREMENT IN THE PRECEDING  SENTENCE SHALL APPLY TO ANNUITY  PAYMENTS
     TO BE MADE TO THE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE PERIOD
     CERTAIN.

          (2) PERIOD CERTAIN ANNUITIES.  UNLESS THE PARTICIPANT'S  SPOUSE IS THE
     SOLE  DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY  AND THE  FORM OF  DISTRIBUTION  IS A  PERIOD
     CERTAIN AND NO LIFE ANNUITY, THE PERIOD CERTAIN FOR AN ANNUITY DISTRIBUTION
     COMMENCING DURING THE PARTICIPANT'S  LIFETIME MAY NOT EXCEED THE APPLICABLE
     DISTRIBUTION  PERIOD FOR THE PARTICIPANT  UNDER THE UNIFORM  LIFETIME TABLE
     SET FORTH IN SECTION  1.401(A)(9)-9  OF THE  TREASURY  REGULATIONS  FOR THE
     CALENDAR  YEAR THAT  CONTAINS  THE ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE.  IF THE ANNUITY

<PAGE>

     STARTING  DATE PRECEDES THE YEAR IN WHICH THE  PARTICIPANT  REACHES AGE 70,
     THE APPLICABLE  DISTRIBUTION PERIOD FOR THE PARTICIPANT IS THE DISTRIBUTION
     PERIOD  FOR AGE 70 UNDER THE  UNIFORM  LIFETIME  TABLE SET FORTH IN SECTION
     1.401(A)(9)-9  OF THE TREASURY  REGULATIONS  PLUS THE EXCESS OF 70 OVER THE
     AGE OF THE  PARTICIPANT AS OF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  BIRTHDAY IN THE YEAR THAT
     CONTAINS THE ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE.  IF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  SPOUSE IS THE
     PARTICIPANT'S SOLE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY AND THE FORM OF DISTRIBUTION IS A
     PERIOD  CERTAIN AND NO LIFE ANNUITY,  THE PERIOD CERTAIN MAY NOT EXCEED THE
     LONGER OF THE PARTICIPANT'S  APPLICABLE  DISTRIBUTION PERIOD, AS DETERMINED
     UNDER  THIS  SECTION  5.5(D)(2),  OR  THE  JOINT  LIFE  AND  LAST  SURVIVOR
     EXPECTANCY OF THE  PARTICIPANT AND THE  PARTICIPANT'S  SPOUSE AS DETERMINED
     UNDER THE JOINT AND LAST SURVIVOR TABLE SET FORTH IN SECTION  1.401(A)(9)-9
     OF THE TREASURY REGULATIONS,  USING THE PARTICIPANT'S AND SPOUSE'S ATTAINED
     AGES AS OF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  AND SPOUSE'S  BIRTHDAYS IN THE CALENDAR YEAR
     THAT CONTAINS THE ANNUITY STARTING DATE.

(E) REQUIREMENTS FOR MINIMUM  DISTRIBUTIONS  WHERE  PARTICIPANT DIES BEFORE DATE
DISTRIBUTIONS BEGIN.

          (1) PARTICIPANT SURVIVED BY DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY. IF THE PARTICIPANT
     DIES BEFORE THE DATE  DISTRIBUTION  OF HIS OR HER INTEREST BEGINS AND THERE
     IS A DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY,  THE  PARTICIPANT'S  ENTIRE INTEREST SHALL BE
     DISTRIBUTED,  BEGINNING  NO  LATER  THAN  THE  TIME  DESCRIBED  IN  SECTION
     5.5(B)(2)(A) OR 5.5(B)(2)(B),  OVER THE LIFE OF THE DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY
     OR OVER A PERIOD CERTAIN NOT EXCEEDING:

               (A)  UNLESS  THE  ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE  IS  BEFORE  THE  FIRST
          DISTRIBUTION  CALENDAR  YEAR,  THE LIFE  EXPECTANCY OF THE  DESIGNATED
          BENEFICIARY   DETERMINED  USING  THE   BENEFICIARY'S  AGE  AS  OF  THE
          BENEFICIARY'S  BIRTHDAY IN THE CALENDAR YEAR IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE
          CALENDAR YEAR OF THE PARTICIPANT'S DEATH; OR

               (B) IF THE ANNUITY STARTING DATE IS BEFORE THE FIRST DISTRIBUTION
          CALENDAR  YEAR,  THE LIFE  EXPECTANCY  OF THE  DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY
          DETERMINED  USING  THE  BENEFICIARY'S  AGE  AS  OF  THE  BENEFICIARY'S
          BIRTHDAY IN THE CALENDAR YEAR THAT CONTAINS THE ANNUITY STARTING DATE.

          (2) NO DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY. IF THE PARTICIPANT DIES BEFORE THE DATE
     DISTRIBUTIONS BEGIN AND THERE IS NO DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY AS OF SEPTEMBER
     30 OF THE YEAR FOLLOWING THE YEAR OF THE PARTICIPANT'S DEATH,  DISTRIBUTION
     OF THE  PARTICIPANT'S  ENTIRE INTEREST SHALL BE COMPLETED BY DECEMBER 31 OF
     THE CALENDAR YEAR  CONTAINING THE FIFTH  ANNIVERSARY  OF THE  PARTICIPANT'S
     DEATH.

          (3) DEATH OF SURVIVING SPOUSE BEFORE DISTRIBUTIONS TO SURVIVING SPOUSE
     BEGIN. IF THE PARTICIPANT  DIES BEFORE THE DATE  DISTRIBUTION OF HIS OR HER
     INTEREST BEGINS,  THE  PARTICIPANT'S  SURVIVING SPOUSE IS THE PARTICIPANT'S
     SOLE  DESIGNATED   BENEFICIARY,   AND  THE  SURVIVING  SPOUSE  DIES  BEFORE
     DISTRIBUTIONS  TO THE  SURVIVING  SPOUSE BEGIN,  THIS SECTION  5.5(E) SHALL
     APPLY AS IF THE SURVIVING SPOUSE WERE THE PARTICIPANT, EXCEPT THAT THE TIME

<PAGE>

     BY WHICH  DISTRIBUTIONS  MUST BEGIN SHALL BE DETERMINED  WITHOUT  REGARD TO
     SECTION 5.5(B)(2)(A).

(F) DEFINITIONS.

          (1)  DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY.  THE SPOUSE OR OTHER  INDIVIDUAL  WHO IS
     DESIGNATED  AS  THE  BENEFICIARY  UNDER  SECTION  5.2 OF  THE  PLAN  IS THE
     "DESIGNATED  BENEFICIARY"  UNDER SECTION  401(A)(9) OF THE CODE AND SECTION
     1.401(A)(9)-4, OF THE TREASURY REGULATIONS.

          (2)  DISTRIBUTION  CALENDAR  YEAR. A CALENDAR YEAR FOR WHICH A MINIMUM
     DISTRIBUTION  IS  REQUIRED.   FOR   DISTRIBUTIONS   BEGINNING   BEFORE  THE
     PARTICIPANT'S DEATH, THE FIRST "DISTRIBUTION CALENDAR YEAR" IS THE CALENDAR
     YEAR   IMMEDIATELY   PRECEDING  THE  CALENDAR   YEAR  WHICH   CONTAINS  THE
     PARTICIPANT'S  REQUIRED  BEGINNING DATE. FOR DISTRIBUTIONS  BEGINNING AFTER
     THE  PARTICIPANT'S  DEATH,  THE FIRST  "DISTRIBUTION  CALENDAR YEAR" IS THE
     CALENDAR  YEAR IN WHICH  DISTRIBUTIONS  ARE  REQUIRED TO BEGIN  PURSUANT TO
     SECTION 5.5(B)(2).

          (3) LIFE EXPECTANCY.  LIFE EXPECTANCY IS COMPUTED BY USE OF THE SINGLE
     LIFE TABLE IN SECTION 1.401(A)(9)-9 OF THE TREASURY REGULATIONS.

          (4) REQUIRED BEGINNING DATE.

               (A) EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION  5.5(F)(4)(B) WITH RESPECT TO A
          5-PERCENT  OWNER,  AS  DEFINED  IN  SECTION  5.5(F)(4)(C),   THE  TERM
          "REQUIRED BEGINNING DATE" MEANS APRIL 1 OF THE CALENDAR YEAR FOLLOWING
          THE LATER OF THE  CALENDAR  YEAR IN WHICH  THE  EMPLOYEE  ATTAINS  AGE
          70-1/2  OR THE  CALENDAR  YEAR IN WHICH THE  EMPLOYEE  CEASES TO BE AN
          EMPLOYEE.

               (B) IN THE CASE OF AN EMPLOYEE WHO IS A 5-PERCENT OWNER, THE TERM
          "REQUIRED BEGINNING DATE" MEANS APRIL 1 OF THE CALENDAR YEAR FOLLOWING
          THE CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH THE EMPLOYEE ATTAINS AGE 70-1/2.

               (C) FOR PURPOSES OF THIS  SECTION  5.5, A 5-PERCENT  OWNER IS, IF
          THE EMPLOYER IS A  CORPORATION,  ANY PERSON WHO OWNS (OR IS CONSIDERED
          AS OWNING  WITHIN THE MEANING OF CODE SECTION 318) MORE THAN 5 PERCENT
          OF THE OUTSTANDING  STOCK OF THE CORPORATION OR STOCK  POSSESSING MORE
          THAN 5 PERCENT OF THE TOTAL COMBINED  VOTING POWER OF ALL STOCK OF THE
          CORPORATION AND, IF THE EMPLOYER IS NOT A CORPORATION,  ANY PERSON WHO
          OWNS MORE THAN 5 PERCENT OF THE  CAPITAL OR  PROFITS  INTEREST  IN THE
          EMPLOYER".


4. New Section 5.9, entitled  "Retroactive  Annuity Starting Dates," is added to
the Plan effective April 1, 2004 and shall read as follows:

"5.9 RETROACTIVE ANNUITY STARTING DATES.

<PAGE>

     (A) WHEN  PERMITTED.  IN ANY CASE WHERE  BECAUSE OF  ADMINISTRATIVE  DELAY,
OVERSIGHT OR SIMILAR  CIRCUMSTANCE,  A PARTICIPANT IS GIVEN THE NOTICE DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 5.2(D) AFTER THE DATE THAT THE PARTICIPANT  DESIRES TO BE HIS ANNUITY
STARTING  DATE,  THE  PARTICIPANT  SHALL  BE  PERMITTED  TO  ELECT  IN A  MANNER
PRESCRIBED BY THE COMMITTEE TO HAVE HIS BENEFIT PAYMENT  COMMENCE AS OF THE DATE
THE  PARTICIPANT  DESIRES  TO BE  HIS  ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE.  IN  GENERAL,  A
PARTICIPANT  WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO ELECT A RETROACTIVE  ANNUITY STARTING DATE
IN CASES WHERE THE FAILURE OF THE PARTICIPANT TO RECEIVE THE NOTICE DESCRIBED IN
SECTION 5.2(D) IN A TIMELY MANNER RESULTS FROM THE FAILURE OF THE PARTICIPANT TO
CONTACT THE  COMMITTEE TO REQUEST THE  COMMENCEMENT  OF BENEFITS.  THE COMMITTEE
SHALL DETERMINE WHEN PARTICIPANTS MAY ELECT  RETROACTIVE  ANNUITY STARTING DATES
USING OBJECTIVE CRITERIA IN A CONSISTENT, NONDISCRIMINATORY MANNER.

     (B) CONDITIONS FOR RETROACTIVE  ANNUITY  STARTING DATE. IN ANY CASE WHERE A
PARTICIPANT  ELECTS A  RETROACTIVE  ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE,  THE PAYMENT OF THE
BENEFIT SHALL COMPLY WITH TREAS. REG.  SS.1.417(E)-1(B)(3)(IV)  AND (V). WITHOUT
LIMITING THE GENERALITY FOREGOING, IF A PARTICIPANT ELECTS A RETROACTIVE ANNUITY
STARTING DATE:

          (1) MAKE-UP  PAYMENTS.  THE PARTICIPANT SHALL RECEIVE MAKE-UP PAYMENTS
     WITH INTEREST  (DETERMINED AT A RATE SET BY THE COMMITTEE WITH REFERENCE TO
     AN OBJECTIVE  INDEX) SO THAT HE IS PUT IN THE SAME POSITION  FINANCIALLY AS
     IF BENEFIT PAYMENT HAD IN FACT BEGUN ON THE ANNUITY STARTING DATE.

          (2) CODE  SECTION  415(B)  COMPLIANCE.  THE BENEFIT  MUST  SATISFY THE
     REQUIREMENTS  ON CODE SECTION  415(B) AS OF THE ANNUITY  STARTING DATE AND,
     EXCEPT IN CASES OF BENEFITS NOT SUBJECT TO CODE  SECTION  417(E) THAT BEGIN
     WITHIN 12 MONTHS OF THE  ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE,  MUST ALSO  SATISFY  CODE
     SECTION 415(B) AS OF THE DATE ON WHICH BENEFITS ACTUALLY COMMENCE.

          (3) CODE SECTION 417(E)  COMPLIANCE.  IN THE CASE OF A BENEFIT SUBJECT
     TO  CODE  SECTION  417(E),  THE  BENEFIT  SHALL  BE  CALCULATED  USING  THE
     APPLICABLE  INTEREST RATE AND APPLICABLE  MORTALITY TABLE  DETERMINED AS OF
     THE  ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE BUT SHALL  NOT BE LESS  THAN THE SAME  BENEFIT
     CALCULATED  USING THE  APPLICABLE  INTEREST RATE AND  APPLICABLE  MORTALITY
     TABLE DETERMINED AS OF THE DATE ON WHICH BENEFITS ACTUALLY COMMENCE.

          (4) SPOUSE'S CONSENT.  THE PARTICIPANT'S  SPOUSE, IF ANY, MUST CONSENT
     (IN THE MANNER  PROVIDED UNDER SECTION  5.2(E)) TO THE USE OF A RETROACTIVE
     ANNUITY  STARTING  DATE IF THE  BENEFIT IS PAYABLE IN THE FORM OF JOINT AND
     SURVIVOR  ANNUITY (OR JOINT AND SURVIVOR  ANNUITY WITH PERIOD CERTAIN) WITH
     THE SPOUSE AS THE SURVIVOR  ANNUITANT  AND IF THE SURVIVOR  BENEFIT IS LESS
     THAN THE  SURVIVOR  BENEFIT  WOULD HAVE BEEN IN THE CASE OF A JOINT AND 50%
     SURVIVOR ANNUITY IF THE DATE ON WHICH BENEFITS  ACTUALLY  COMMENCE WERE THE
     ANNUITY STARTING DATE.

     (C) REVOCATION OF ELECTION.  A PARTICIPANT WHO ELECTS A RETROACTIVE ANNUITY
STARTING  DATE  SHALL BE  PERMITTED  TO CHANGE HIS  ELECTION  OF FORM OF BENEFIT

<PAGE>

DURING  THE 30 DAY  PERIOD  FOLLOWING  THE DATE ON WHICH HE IS GIVEN THE  NOTICE
DESCRIBED IN SECTION 5.2(D)."


5.  Section  2.8.3 of Schedule 2,  entitled  "Cash-out of Minimum  Benefit",  is
amended effective December 31, 1998 to read as follows:

     "(A) MANDATORY DISTRIBUTION. IN THE EVENT THAT A NUHP PARTICIPANT CEASES TO
BE AN  EMPLOYEE  AT A TIME  WHEN  THE  ACTUARIAL  PRESENT  VALUE OF HIS MRB PLAN
BENEFIT  DETERMINED UNDER SECTION 2.3.2 IS $5,000 OR LESS, THE PARTICIPANT SHALL
BE PAID THE BENEFIT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 5.4 OF THE MRB PLAN."


6.  Section  3.9.5 of Schedule 3,  entitled  "Cash-out of Minimum  Benefit",  is
amended effective June 30, 1998 to read as follows:

     "(A)  MANDATORY  DISTRIBUTION.  IN THE EVENT THAT THE EMPLOYEE  STATUS OF A
DNSP  PARTICIPANT  CEASES AT A TIME WHEN THE ACTUARIAL  PRESENT VALUE OF HIS MRB
PLAN BENEFIT  DETERMINED  UNDER SECTION 3.4.2 IS $5,000 OR LESS, THE PARTICIPANT
SHALL BE PAID THE BENEFIT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 5.4 OF THE MRB PLAN."


7.  Appendix  S3-A of Schedule 3, entitled  "Actuarial  Assumptions,  Tables and
Factors for Computing Plan Benefits," is amended effective  December 31, 2002 by
changing Section I.(1) to read as follows:

"(1) MORTALITY: THE APPLICABLE MORTALITY TABLE."


8.  Section  4.8.4 of Schedule 4,  entitled  "Cash-out of Minimum  Benefit",  is
amended effective June 30, 1998 to read as follows:

     "(A)  MANDATORY  DISTRIBUTION.  IN THE EVENT THAT THE EMPLOYEE  STATUS OF A
WADESBORO  PARTICIPANT  CEASES AT A TIME WHEN THE ACTUARIAL PRESENT VALUE OF HIS
MRB PLAN  BENEFIT  DETERMINED  UNDER  SECTION  4.3.2  IS  $5,000  OR  LESS,  THE
PARTICIPANT  SHALL BE PAID THE  BENEFIT AS  PROVIDED  IN SECTION  5.4 OF THE MRB
PLAN."

9.  Appendix  S4-A of Schedule 4, entitled  "Actuarial  Assumptions,  Tables and
Factors for Computing Plan Benefits," is amended effective  December 31, 2002 by
changing Section I.(1) to read as follows:

"(1) MORTALITY: THE APPLICABLE MORTALITY TABLE."


10.  Section 5.8.4 of Schedule 5,  entitled  "Cash-out of Minimum  Benefit",  is
amended effective December 31, 1998 to read as follows:

<PAGE>

     "(A)  MANDATORY  DISTRIBUTION.  IN THE EVENT THAT THE EMPLOYEE  STATUS OF A
YALE  PARTICIPANT  CEASES AT A TIME WHEN THE ACTUARIAL  PRESENT VALUE OF HIS MRB
PLAN BENEFIT  DETERMINED  UNDER SECTION 5.3.2 IS $5,000 OR LESS, THE PARTICIPANT
SHALL BE PAID THE BENEFIT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 5.4 OF THE MRB PLAN."


11.  Appendix S5-A of Schedule 5, entitled  "Actuarial  Assumptions,  Tables and
Factors for Computing Plan Benefits," is amended effective  December 31, 2002 by
changing Section I.(1) to read as follows:

"(1) MORTALITY: THE APPLICABLE MORTALITY TABLE."


12.  Section 6.8.2 of Schedule 6,  entitled  "Cash-out of Minimum  Benefit",  is
amended effective February 28, 1999 to read as follows:

     "(A) MANDATORY  DISTRIBUTION.  IN THE EVENT THAT THE EMPLOYEE  STATUS OF AN
AMLIFTS PARTICIPANT CEASES AT A TIME WHEN THE ACTUARIAL PRESENT VALUE OF HIS MRB
PLAN BENEFIT  DETERMINED  UNDER SECTION 6.3.2 IS $5,000 OR LESS, THE PARTICIPANT
SHALL BE PAID THE BENEFIT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 5.4 OF THE MRB PLAN."


13.  Appendix S6-A of Schedule 6, entitled  "Actuarial  Assumptions,  Tables and
Factors for Computing Plan Benefits," is amended effective  December 31, 2002 by
changing Section I.(1) to read as follows:

"(1) MORTALITY: THE APPLICABLE MORTALITY TABLE."


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  instrument  of amendment has been executed by a
duly authorize officer of the Corporation this 28th day of December, 2005, to be
effective as of the dates recited herein.


                          COLUMBUS McKINNON CORPORATION


                          By     Timothy R. Harvey
                                 -----------------------------


                          Title: General Counsel and Secretary
                                 -----------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.53
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>creditfacility03162006.txt
<DESCRIPTION>THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>



================================================================================
                                               Published CUSIP Number: 19933MAD5







                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED


                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

                           Dated as of March 16, 2006

                                      among

                         COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION,

                                as the Borrower,

                             BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
                   as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender
                                       and
                                   L/C Issuer,

                                       and

                         The Other Lenders Party Hereto

                         BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES LLC,

                                       as

                    Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager



<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

ARTICLE I.            DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS........................2

         1.01.    Defined Terms...............................................2

         1.02.    Other Interpretive Provisions..............................27

         1.03.    Accounting Terms...........................................28

         1.04.    Rounding...................................................28

         1.05.    Times of Day...............................................28

         1.06.    Letter of Credit Amounts...................................28

ARTICLE II.           THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS..................29

         2.01.    Committed Loans............................................29

         2.02.    Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of
                  Committed Loans............................................29

         2.03.    Letters of Credit..........................................31

         2.04.    Swing Line Loans...........................................39

         2.05.    Prepayments................................................42

         2.06.    Termination or Reduction of Commitments....................43

         2.07.    Repayment of Loans.........................................44

         2.08.    Interest...................................................45

         2.09.    Fees.......................................................46

         2.10.    Computation of Interest and Fees...........................46

         2.11.    Evidence of Debt...........................................47

         2.12.    Payments Generally; Administrative Agent's Clawback........47

         2.13.    Sharing of Payments by Lenders.............................49

         2.14.    Increase in Commitments....................................50

         2.15.    Collateral Security........................................51

ARTICLE III.          TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY.................51

         3.01.    Taxes......................................................51

         3.02.    Illegality.................................................53

         3.03.    Inability to Determine Rates...............................54

         3.04.    Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans.........54

         3.05.    Compensation for Losses....................................56

         3.06.    Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.............56

                                        i

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------
                                   (continued)
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

         3.07.    Survival...................................................57

ARTICLE IV.           CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS..............57

         4.01.    Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.....................57

         4.02.    Conditions to all Credit Extensions........................59

ARTICLE V.            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.........................60

         5.01.    Existence, Qualification and Power.........................60

         5.02.    Authorization; No Contravention............................60

         5.03.    Governmental Authorization; Other Consents.................60

         5.04.    Binding Effect.............................................61

         5.05.    Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect;
                  No Internal Control Event..................................61

         5.06.    Litigation.................................................62

         5.07.    No Default.................................................62

         5.08.    Ownership of Property; Liens...............................62

         5.09.    Environmental Compliance...................................62

         5.10.    Insurance..................................................62

         5.11.    Taxes......................................................62

         5.12.    ERISA Compliance...........................................63

         5.13.    Subsidiaries; Equity Interests.............................63

         5.14.    Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act;
                  Public Utility Holding Company Act.........................63

         5.15.    Disclosure.................................................64

         5.16.    Compliance with Laws.......................................64

         5.17.    Taxpayer Identification Number.............................64

         5.18.    Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc.......................64

         5.19.    Perfection of Security Interest............................65

         5.20.    Properties.................................................65

         5.21.    Solvency...................................................65

         5.22.    Bank Accounts..............................................65

         5.23.    Obligations as Senior Debt.................................65

         5.24.    Use of Proceeds............................................65

                                       ii

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------
                                   (continued)
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

ARTICLE VI.           AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS..................................66

         6.01.    Financial Statements.......................................66

         6.02.    Certificates; Other Information............................67

         6.03.    Notices....................................................68

         6.04.    Payment of Obligations.....................................69

         6.05.    Preservation of Existence, Etc.............................69

         6.06.    Maintenance of Properties..................................69

         6.07.    Maintenance of Insurance...................................70

         6.08.    Compliance with Laws, Organizational Documents
                  and Contractual Obligations................................70

         6.09.    Books and Records..........................................70

         6.10.    Inspection Rights..........................................70

         6.11.    Use of Proceeds............................................70

         6.12.    Additional Guarantors and Pledgors.........................70

         6.13.    Mortgages..................................................71

         6.14.    Post-Closing Deliveries....................................71

ARTICLE VII.          NEGATIVE COVENANTS.....................................72

         7.01.    Liens......................................................72

         7.02.    Investments................................................73

         7.03.    Indebtedness...............................................73

         7.04.    Fundamental Changes........................................75

         7.05.    Dispositions...............................................75

         7.06.    Restricted Payments........................................76

         7.07.    Change in Nature of Business...............................77

         7.08.    Transactions with Affiliates...............................77

         7.09.    Burdensome Agreements......................................77

         7.10.    Use of Proceeds............................................77

         7.11.    Financial Covenants........................................77

         7.12.    Modifications of Certain Documents; Designation
                  of Senior Debt.............................................78

         7.13.    Sale-Leaseback Transactions................................78

                                      iii

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------
                                   (continued)
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

ARTICLE VIII.         EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.........................78

         8.01.    Events of Default..........................................78

         8.02.    Remedies Upon Event of Default.............................80

         8.03.    Application of Funds.......................................81

ARTICLE IX.           ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT...................................82

         9.01.    Appointment and Authority..................................82

         9.02.    Rights as a Lender.........................................82

         9.03.    Exculpatory Provisions.....................................82

         9.04.    Reliance by Administrative Agent...........................83

         9.05.    Delegation of Duties.......................................83

         9.06.    Resignation of Administrative Agent........................84

         9.07.    Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.....85

         9.08.    No Other Duties, Etc.......................................85

         9.09.    Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim..............85

         9.10.    Collateral and Guaranty Matters............................86

         9.11.    Intercreditor Agreement....................................86

ARTICLE X.            MISCELLANEOUS..........................................86

         10.01.   Amendments, Etc............................................86

         10.02.   Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication...........88

         10.03.   No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.............................89

         10.04.   Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.........................90

         10.05.   Payments Set Aside.........................................92

         10.06.   Successors and Assigns.....................................92

         10.07.   Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality..........97

         10.08.   Right of Setoff............................................97

         10.09.   Interest Rate Limitation...................................98

         10.10.   Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness...................98

         10.11.   Survival of Representations and Warranties.................98

         10.12.   Severability...............................................99

         10.13.   Replacement of Lenders.....................................99

                                       iv

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------
                                   (continued)
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

         10.14.   Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc..........................100

         10.15.   Waiver of Jury Trial......................................100

         10.16.   No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility...................101

         10.17.   USA PATRIOT Act Notice....................................102

         10.18.   Time of the Essence.......................................102

                                                         v

<PAGE>


SCHEDULES

         2.01     Commitments and Applicable Percentages
         5.05     Material Indebtedness and Other Liabilities at January 1, 2006
         5.06     Litigation
         5.09     Environmental Matters
         5.13     Subsidiaries; Other Equity Investments
         5.18     Intellectual Property Matters
         5.20     Fee and Leasehold Real Property Assets
         5.22     Bank Accounts
         6.13     Material Leasehold Real Estate Assets
         7.01     Existing Liens
         7.03     Existing Indebtedness
         7.05     Permitted Exclusive Licenses of IP Rights
         7.09     Burdensome Agreements
         10.02    Administrative Agent's Office; Certain Addresses for Notices
         10.06    Processing and Recordation Fees



EXHIBITS
                  Form of

         A        Committed Loan Notice
         B        Swing Line Loan Notice
         C        Note
         D        Compliance Certificate
         E        Assignment and Assumption
         F        Guaranty
         G        Opinion Matters


<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

     This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT  ("AGREEMENT") is dated as
of March 16, 2006, among COLUMBUS MCKINNON  CORPORATION,  a New York corporation
(the "BORROWER"), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively,  the
"LENDERS"  and  individually,  a  "LENDER"),  and  BANK  OF  AMERICA,  N.A.,  as
Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer.

     WHEREAS,  the Borrower  has  previously  entered  into that certain  Credit
Agreement  dated  as of  March  31,  1998  (as  amended,  the  "ORIGINAL  CREDIT
AGREEMENT"),  among the Borrower,  the lenders named therein, and Fleet National
Bank, as Agent;

     WHEREAS,   the  Borrower,   Larco  Industrial   Services  Ltd,  a  business
corporation  organized  under  the laws of the  Province  of  Ontario,  Columbus
McKinnon Limited, a business corporation organized under the laws of Canada, the
Guarantors  named therein,  the lenders from time to time party  thereto,  Fleet
Capital Corporation, as Administrative Agent, Fleet National Bank, as L/C Issuer
and Fleet  Securities,  Inc.,  as Arranger  have  previously  entered  into that
certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of November
21, 2002 (as amended,  by the First Amendment,  dated as of June 5, 2003 and the
Second  Amendment,  dated as of July 21, 2003,  the "FIRST  AMENDED AND RESTATED
CREDIT  AGREEMENT"),  which First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement  amended
and restated the Original Credit Agreement and, together with the Loan Documents
(as  defined  therein)  evidenced  the  rights,  obligations,   liens,  security
interests,  and  collateral  security  assigned  pursuant to the  Assignment (as
defined below);

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to a certain  Assignment and Acceptance,  dated November
21,  2002 (the  "ASSIGNMENT"),  among the  Borrower,  the  lenders  party to the
Original Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party to the
First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,  (i) the lenders under the Original
Credit  Agreement  assigned to the Lenders  under the First Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement the outstanding  loans and other obligations under the Original
Credit Agreement and (ii) the Agent under the Original Credit Agreement assigned
to the  Administrative  Agent  under  the  First  Amended  and  Restated  Credit
Agreement all of its liens,  security  interests,  and collateral security under
the Original Credit Agreement;

     WHEREAS,   the  Borrower,   Larco  Industrial   Services  Ltd,  a  business
corporation  organized  under  the laws of the  Province  of  Ontario,  Columbus
McKinnon Limited, a business corporation organized under the laws of Canada, the
Guarantors  named therein,  the lenders from time to time party  thereto,  Fleet
Capital Corporation, as Administrative Agent, Fleet National Bank, as L/C Issuer
and Fleet  Securities,  Inc.,  as Arranger  have  previously  entered  into that
certain Second Amended and Restated Credit and Security  Agreement,  dated as of
November 21, 2002 and amended and restated as of January 2, 2004, (as amended by
that  certain  First  Amendment  to  the  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Credit
Agreement,  dated as of April 29, 2005, and by that certain Second  Amendment to
the Second Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement,  dated as of August 5, 2005,
and by that certain Third  Amendment to the Second  Amended and Restated  Credit

                                      S-1
<PAGE>

Agreement,  dated as of August 22, 2005, and by that certain Fourth Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,  dated as of October 17, 2005, the
"SECOND  AMENDED AND  RESTATED  CREDIT  AGREEMENT"),  which  Second  Amended and
Restated  Credit  Agreement  amended and restated the First Amended and Restated
Credit  Agreement  and,  together with the Loan  Documents (as defined  therein)
evidenced the rights,  obligations,  liens,  security interests,  and collateral
security assigned pursuant to the Assignment;

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to a certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement,  dated
the Closing Date (as defined  below),  among the Borrower,  the lenders party to
the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,  the Administrative  Agent and
Bank of  America,  N.A.,  as Lender,  the lenders  under the Second  Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement assigned to the Administrative  Agent, the outstanding
loans and other  obligations  under  the  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Credit
Agreement and, as further  described in SECTION 2.01(B) of this  Agreement,  the
Administrative  Agent  shall make a  subsequent  assignment  of the  Commitments
hereunder to the Lenders  party hereto in the amounts set forth on SCHEDULE 2.01
to this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS,  it is the  intention and desire of the parties that the loans and
other  obligations  under the Second  Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement be
amended and restated as set forth herein such that the obligations of the Credit
Parties (as defined  therein) and the rights,  liens,  security  interests,  and
collateral security of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder shall
hereafter be  evidenced by this  Agreement,  the  Assignment  and the other Loan
Documents referred to herein.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  the parties agree that,  effective as of the Closing Date
(as defined below),  the Second Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement shall be
amended and restated as set forth herein.

     In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements  herein  contained,
the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.
                        DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

     1.01.  DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement,  the following terms shall
have the meanings set forth below:

     "ADDITIONAL SUBORDINATED  INDEBTEDNESS" means Indebtedness  subordinated to
the Obligations on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
in an  aggregate  amount  not in excess of  $75,000,000  during the term of this
Agreement  permitted to be incurred  pursuant to SECTION 7.03 and used by a Loan
Party within 90 days after the  incurrence of such  Indebtedness  or such longer
period  as  may be  agreed,  in  writing,  by the  Administrative  Agent  to (a)
repurchase  and/or  refinance the Senior Notes or (b) purchase  assets or equity
interests so long as such acquisitions are permitted pursuant to SECTION 7.02.

     "ADMINISTRATIVE   AGENT"   means  Bank  of  America  in  its   capacity  as
administrative  agent  under  any  of  the  Loan  Documents,  or  any  successor
administrative agent.

                                      S-2
<PAGE>

     "ADMINISTRATIVE  AGENT'S OFFICE" means the  Administrative  Agent's address
and,  as  appropriate,  account as set forth on  SCHEDULE  10.02,  or such other
address or account as the  Administrative  Agent may from time to time notify to
the Borrower and the Lenders.

     "ADMINISTRATIVE  QUESTIONNAIRE" means an Administrative  Questionnaire in a
form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

     "AFFILIATE"  means,  with  respect  to  any  Person,  another  Person  that
directly,  or  indirectly  through  one or more  intermediaries,  Controls or is
Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

     "AGGREGATE COMMITMENTS" means the Commitments of all the Lenders.

     "AGREEMENT" means this Credit Agreement.

     "APPLICABLE  PERCENTAGE"  means with respect to any Lender at any time, the
percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments
represented by such Lender's  Commitment at such time. If the commitment of each
Lender to make  Loans and the  obligation  of the L/C  Issuer to make L/C Credit
Extensions  have been  terminated  pursuant to SECTION 8.02 or if the  Aggregate
Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be
determined  based on the  Applicable  Percentage of such Lender most recently in
effect,  giving effect to any  subsequent  assignments.  The initial  Applicable
Percentage  of each  Lender is set  forth  opposite  the name of such  Lender on
SCHEDULE 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption  pursuant to which such Lender
becomes a party hereto, as applicable.

     "APPLICABLE RATE" means,  from time to time, the following  percentages per
annum,  based upon the  Senior  Leverage  Ratio as set forth in the most  recent
Compliance  Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to SECTION
6.02(A):

- ------- ---------------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------

 LEVEL      SENIOR LEVERAGE RATIO    COMMITMENT EURODOLLAR LETTER OF  BASE RATE
                                        FEE       RATE +   CREDIT FEE     +


- ------- ---------------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------
I       Greater  than or  equal  to    0.250%     1.750%     1.750%     0.750%
        2.50x
- ------- ---------------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------
II      Less   than    2.50x   but     0.200%     1.500%     1.500%     0.500%
        greater  than or  equal  to
        2.00x
- ------- ---------------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------
III     Less    than    2.00x   but    0.175%     1.250%     1.250%     0.250%
        greater  than or  equal  to
        1.50x
- ------- ---------------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------
IV      Less    than    1.50x   but    0.150%     1.000%     1.000%       0%
        greater  than or  equal  to
        1.00x
- ------- ---------------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------
V       Less than 1.00x                0.125%     0.875%     0.875%       0%
- ------- ---------------------------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------
                                      S-3
<PAGE>

     Any increase or decrease in the Applicable  Rate resulting from a change in
the Senior  Leverage  Ratio shall become  effective as of the first Business Day
immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to
SECTION  6.02(A);  provided,  however,  that if a Compliance  Certificate is not
delivered when due in accordance  with such Section,  then Pricing Level I shall
apply as of the  first  Business  Day after  the date on which  such  Compliance
Certificate was required to have been  delivered.  The Applicable Rate in effect
from the Closing  Date  through  March 31, 2006 shall be  determined  based upon
Pricing Level IV.

     "APPROVED  RESTRUCTURING  CHARGES"  means  cash or  non-cash  restructuring
charges  incurred by the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount
not to exceed  $3,750,000  during the term of this Agreement;  PROVIDED however,
amounts in excess of $2,000,000 in  restructuring  charges for any one facility,
plant or other  Property  shall not constitute  Approved  Restructuring  Charges
unless approved, in writing, by the Administrative Agent.

     "ARRANGER"  means Banc of America  Securities  LLC, in its capacity as sole
lead arranger and sole book manager.

     "ASSIGNEE  GROUP" means two or more Eligible  Assignees that are Affiliates
of one another.

     "ASSIGNMENTS OF MORTGAGE" means the several  Assignments of Mortgage,  made
in favor the Administrative  Agent, with respect to certain of the real property
assets of the Loan Parties.

     "ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION" means an assignment and assumption entered into
by a Lender and an  assignee  (with the  consent of any party  whose  consent is
required by SECTION  10.06(B),  and  accepted by the  Administrative  Agent,  in
substantially  the  form  of  EXHIBIT  E or  any  other  form  approved  by  the
Administrative Agent.

     "ATTRIBUTABLE  INDEBTEDNESS"  means,  on any date,  (a) in  respect  of any
capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on
a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP,
and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation,  the capitalized amount of
the remaining  lease  payments  under the relevant  lease that would appear on a
balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if
such lease were accounted for as a capital lease.

     "AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" means the audited consolidated balance sheet
of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005,
and the related consolidated  statements of income or operations,  shareholders'
equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
including the notes thereto.

                                      S-4
<PAGE>

     "AUDUBON EUROPE" means Audubon Europe S.A.R.L., a private limited liability
company ("societe a responsabilite limitee") incorporated and existing under the
laws of Luxembourg,  with its registered office at L-2146 Luxembourg,  74 rue de
Merl,  registered  with the Luxembourg  Register of commerce and companies under
number B 88,221, whose corporate capital is fixed at EUR 4,268,000.00.

     "AVAILABILITY  PERIOD" means the period from and including the Closing Date
to the earliest of (a) the Maturity  Date,  (b) the date of  termination  of the
Aggregate  Commitments pursuant to SECTION 2.06, and (c) the date of termination
of the  commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C
Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to SECTION 8.02.

     "BANK  OF  AMERICA"  means  Bank  of  America,  N.A.  and  its  successors.

     "BASE  RATE"  means for any day a  fluctuating  rate per annum equal to the
higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1% and (b) the rate of interest
in  effect  for  such day as  publicly  announced  from  time to time by Bank of
America as its "prime  rate." The "prime  rate" is a rate set by Bank of America
based upon various factors including Bank of America's costs and desired return,
general economic conditions and other factors,  and is used as a reference point
for pricing some loans,  which may be priced at, above,  or below such announced
rate.  Any change in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at
the opening of business on the day specified in the public  announcement of such
change.

     "BASE RATE COMMITTED LOAN" means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan.

     "BASE RATE LOAN" means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

     "BORROWER" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

     "BORROWER MATERIALS" has the meaning specified in SECTION 6.02.

     "BORROWER SECURITY AGREEMENT" means that certain Security Agreement,  dated
as of the date hereof,  from the Borrower to the  Administrative  Agent, for the
benefit of the Lenders.

     "BORROWING" means a Committed  Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing,  as the
context may require.

     "BUSINESS DAY" means any day other than a Saturday,  Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact
closed in, the state where the Administrative  Agent's Office is located and, if
such day  relates  to any  Eurodollar  Rate  Loan,  means  any such day on which
dealings in Dollar  deposits are  conducted  by and between  banks in the London
interbank eurodollar market.

     "CALCULATION DATE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.07(C)(II).

     "CAPITAL  LEASE  OBLIGATIONS"  of any Person means the  obligations of such
Person to pay rent or other  amounts  under  any lease of (or other  arrangement

                                      S-5
<PAGE>

conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof,
which  obligations  are required to be  classified  and accounted for as capital
leases on a balance  sheet of such  Person  under  GAAP,  and the amount of such
obligations  shall be the  capitalized  amount thereof  determined in accordance
with GAAP.

     "CASH COLLATERALIZE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.03(G).

     "CASUALTY  EVENT"  means,  with respect to any property of any Person,  any
loss of or damage to, or any  condemnation or other taking of, such property for
which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries  receives  insurance  proceeds,  or
proceeds of a condemnation award or other compensation.

     "CHANGE IN LAW" means the occurrence,  after the date of this Agreement, of
any of the  following:  (a) the  adoption  or taking  effect  of any law,  rule,
regulation or treaty,  (b) any change in any law, rule,  regulation or treaty or
in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any  request,  guideline or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority.

     "CHANGE OF CONTROL" means an event or series of events by which:

     (a) any  "person" or "group" (as such terms are used in Sections  13(d) and
14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit
plan of such person or its subsidiaries,  and any person or entity acting in its
capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan)
becomes  the  "beneficial  owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  except that a person or group shall be deemed
to have  "beneficial  ownership" of all securities that such person or group has
the right to acquire,  whether  such right is  exercisable  immediately  or only
after the  passage  of time  (such  right,  an  "OPTION  RIGHT")),  directly  or
indirectly,  of 25% or more of the equity securities of the Borrower entitled to
vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent  governing  body of the
Borrower on a  fully-diluted  basis (and taking into account all such securities
that  such  person  or group has the right to  acquire  pursuant  to any  option
right);

     (b) during any period of 24 consecutive  months,  a majority of the members
of the board of directors  or other  equivalent  governing  body of the Borrower
cease to be  composed  of  individuals  (i) who were  members  of that  board or
equivalent  governing body on the first day of such period,  (ii) whose election
or  nomination  to that  board or  equivalent  governing  body was  approved  by
individuals  referred  to in clause (i) above  constituting  at the time of such
election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing
body or (iii) whose  election or  nomination  to that board or other  equivalent
governing body was approved by  individuals  referred to in clauses (i) and (ii)
above  constituting  at the  time of such  election  or  nomination  at  least a
majority of that board or equivalent  governing body (excluding,  in the case of
both clause (ii) and clause (iii), any individual whose initial  nomination for,
or assumption of office as, a member of that board or equivalent  governing body
occurs as a result  of an  actual  or  threatened  solicitation  of  proxies  or
consents for the  election or removal of one or more  directors by any person or
group other than a solicitation  for the election of one or more directors by or
on behalf of the board of directors);

                                      S-6
<PAGE>

     (c) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired
by contract or otherwise,  or shall have entered into a contract or  arrangement
that, upon consummation  thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the
power to exercise,  directly or  indirectly,  a controlling  influence  over the
management or policies of the Borrower, or control over the equity securities of
the  Borrower  entitled  to vote  for  members  of the  board  of  directors  or
equivalent  governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted  basis (and taking
into  account  all such  securities  that such  Person or group has the right to
acquire  pursuant to any option right)  representing 25% or more of the combined
voting power of such securities;

     (d) the Borrower  shall cease to have  beneficial  ownership (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 100% of the aggregate  voting power of the
Capital Stock of each other Loan Party,  free and clear of all Liens (other than
any Liens granted hereunder and Permitted Liens); or

     (e) a "Change of Control"  shall occur under the Senior  Subordinated  Note
Indenture or the Senior Note Indenture.

     "CLOSING DATE" means the first date all the conditions precedent in SECTION
4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with SECTION 10.01.

     "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

     "COLLATERAL"  means all of the  property,  rights and interests of the Loan
Parties  and their  Subsidiaries  that are or are  intended to be subject to the
Liens created by the Security Documents.

     "COMMITMENT" means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed
Loans to the Borrower  pursuant to SECTION 2.01, (b) purchase  participations in
L/C  Obligations,  and (c) purchase  participations  in Swing Line Loans,  in an
aggregate  principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount
set forth  opposite such Lender's name on SCHEDULE 2.01 or in the Assignment and
Assumption  pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable,
as such  amount  may be  adjusted  from  time to time in  accordance  with  this
Agreement.

     "COMMITTED   BORROWING"  means  a  borrowing   consisting  of  simultaneous
Committed  Loans of the same Type and,  in the case of  Eurodollar  Rate  Loans,
having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders  pursuant to SECTION
2.01.

     "COMMITTED LOAN" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.01.

     "COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE" means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing,  (b) a
conversion of Committed  Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation
of Eurodollar  Rate Loans,  pursuant to SECTION  2.02(A),  which, if in writing,
shall be substantially in the form of EXHIBIT A.

     "COMPLIANCE  CERTIFICATE" means a certificate  substantially in the form of
EXHIBIT D.

                                      S-7
<PAGE>

     "CONSOLIDATED  EBITDA" means, for any period and without  duplication,  (a)
the  net  income  of  the  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries   (determined  on  a
consolidated  basis in  accordance  with GAAP) for such period,  PLUS (b) to the
extent  deducted in calculating net income (i) income taxes expensed during such
period,   (ii)  Interest  Expense  during  such  period,   (iii)   depreciation,
amortization and other Non-Cash  Charges accrued for such period,  (iv) Approved
Restructuring Charges incurred during such period, (v) the amount of any premium
paid on the repurchase of the Senior  Subordinated Notes, (vi) the amount of any
premium paid on the  repurchase  of the Senior Notes and (vii)  non-cash  losses
from any Casualty  Event,  Disposition  or  discontinued  operation  during such
period MINUS (c) to the extent such items were added in  calculating  net income
(i) extraordinary  gains during such period, (ii) gains from any Casualty Event,
Disposition,  or discontinued  operation during such period,  (iii) interest and
other  income  (excluding  interest  and other  income  related to CM  Insurance
Company, Inc.) during such period, (iv) Federal, state, local and foreign income
tax credits of the  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  for such period and (v) all
non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period.

     "CONSOLIDATED  NET INCOME" means, for any period,  for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries  on a  consolidated  basis,  the net income of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries.

     "CONTRACTUAL  OBLIGATION"  means,  as to any Person,  any  provision of any
security  issued  by  such  Person  or of any  agreement,  instrument  or  other
undertaking  to  which  such  Person  is a party  or by  which  it or any of its
property is bound.

     "CONTROL"  means the  possession,  directly or indirectly,  of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether
through  the  ability to  exercise  voting  power,  by  contract  or  otherwise.
"CONTROLLING" and "CONTROLLED" have meanings correlative thereto.

     "COPYRIGHT  MORTGAGE"  means any grant of security  interest in copyrights,
made by any  Loan  Party in favor  of the  Administrative  Agent,  or any of its
predecessors,  including, without limitation that certain Memorandum of Grant of
Security  Interest in  Copyrights,  dated as of November 21, 2002,  between Yale
Industrial Products,  Inc. and Fleet Capital Corporation (n/k/a Bank of America,
N.A.) as agent,  as amended,  restated,  replaced or assigned from time to time,
including as amended by that certain  First  Amendment to Memorandum of Grant of
Security Interest in Copyrights, dated as of the Closing Date.

     "CREDIT EXTENSION" means each of the following:  (a) a Borrowing and (b) an
L/C Credit Extension.

     "DEBTOR  RELIEF LAWS" means the Bankruptcy  Code of the United States,  and
all other liquidation,  conservatorship,  bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit
of   creditors,    moratorium,    rearrangement,    receivership,    insolvency,
reorganization,  or similar  debtor  relief  Laws of the United  States or other
applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of
creditors generally.

     "DEFAULT" means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default
or that, with the giving of any notice,  the passage of time, or both,  would be
an Event of Default.

                                      S-8
<PAGE>

     "DEFAULT RATE" means (a) when used with respect to  Obligations  other than
Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate PLUS (ii) the
Applicable Rate, if any,  applicable to Base Rate Loans PLUS (iii) 2% per annum;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate
shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate  (including  any Applicable
Rate)  otherwise  applicable  to such Loan plus 2% per annum,  and (b) when used
with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable  Rate PLUS
2% per annum.

     "DEFAULTING  LENDER"  means  any  Lender  that (a) has  failed  to fund any
portion  of  the  Committed   Loans,   participations   in  L/C  Obligations  or
participations  in Swing Line Loans required to be funded by it hereunder within
one Business Day of the date  required to be funded by it hereunder  unless such
failure  has  been  cured,   (b)  has  otherwise  failed  to  pay  over  to  the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by
it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due, unless the subject of
a good faith  dispute or unless such  failure  has been  cured,  or (c) has been
deemed insolvent or become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

     "DISPOSITION"  or "DISPOSE"  means the sale,  transfer,  license,  lease or
other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property
by any Person, including any sale, assignment,  transfer or other disposal, with
or  without  recourse,  of any notes or  accounts  receivable  or any rights and
claims associated therewith.

     "DOLLAR" and "$" mean lawful money of the United States.

     "DOLLAR  EQUIVALENT"  means,  on any particular  date,  with respect to any
amount denominated in Dollars,  such amount of Dollars,  and with respect to any
amount denominated in a currency other than Dollars, the amount (as conclusively
ascertained by the Administrative  Agent absent manifest error) of Dollars which
could be purchased by the Administrative  Agent with such amount or currency (in
accordance with its normal banking practices) in the applicable foreign currency
deposit  markets with such amount of such  currency at the spot rate of exchange
prevailing at or about 11:00 a.m. (Boston time) on such date.

     "DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARY" means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws
of any political subdivision of the United States.

     "ELIGIBLE  ASSIGNEE" means any Person that meets the  requirements to be an
assignee under SECTION 10.06(B)(III), (V) and (VI) (subject to such consents, if
any, as may be required under SECTION 10.06(B)(III)).

     "ENVIRONMENTAL   INDEMNITY  AGREEMENT"  means  that  certain  Environmental
Indemnity  Agreement,  dated as of the date  hereof,  among the  Borrower,  Yale
Industrial   Products,   Inc.,   Crane   Equipment  &  Service,   Inc.  and  the
Administrative Agent.

     "ENVIRONMENTAL  LAWS" means any and all Federal,  state, local, and foreign
statutes,  laws, regulations,  ordinances,  rules,  judgments,  orders, decrees,
permits, concessions,  grants, franchises,  licenses, agreements or governmental
restrictions  relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the
release  of any  materials  into the  environment,  including  those  related to

                                      S-9
<PAGE>

hazardous  substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public
systems.

     "ENVIRONMENTAL  LIABILITY"  means any  liability,  contingent  or otherwise
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines,
penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their
respective  Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a)
violation  of  any  Environmental  Law,  (b)  the  generation,   use,  handling,
transportation,  storage,  treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c)
exposure to any Hazardous  Materials,  (d) the release or threatened  release of
any Hazardous  Materials into the environment or (e) any contract,  agreement or
other consensual  arrangement  pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed
with respect to any of the foregoing.

     "EQUITY  INTERESTS" means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of
capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of
the warrants,  options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such
Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in)
such Person,  all of the securities  convertible into or exchangeable for shares
of capital stock of (or other  ownership or profit  interests in) such Person or
warrants,  rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of
such shares (or such other interests),  and all of the other ownership or profit
interests  in such  Person  (including  partnership,  member or trust  interests
therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants,
options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination.

     "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

     "ERISA AFFILIATE" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated)
under common  control with the Borrower  within the meaning of Section 414(b) or
(c) of the  Code  (and  Sections  414(m)  and (o) of the Code  for  purposes  of
provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code).

     "ERISA EVENT" means (a) a Reportable  Event with respect to a Pension Plan;
(b) a  withdrawal  by the  Borrower or any ERISA  Affiliate  from a Pension Plan
subject  to  Section  4063  of  ERISA  during  a plan  year  in  which  it was a
substantial  employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation
of  operations  that is treated as such a withdrawal  under  Section  4062(e) of
ERISA;  (c) a  complete  or  partial  withdrawal  by the  Borrower  or any ERISA
Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is
in  reorganization;  (d) the  filing of a notice of  intent  to  terminate,  the
treatment of a Plan  amendment as a  termination  under Section 4041 or 4041A of
ERISA,  or the  commencement  of  proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension
Plan or Multiemployer  Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds
under  Section 4042 of ERISA for the  termination  of, or the  appointment  of a
trustee to  administer,  any  Pension  Plan or  Multiemployer  Plan;  or (f) the
imposition  of any  liability  under  Title  IV of  ERISA,  other  than for PBGC
premiums due but not delinquent  under Section 4007 of ERISA,  upon the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate.

     "EURODOLLAR  RATE"  means,  for  any  Interest  Period  with  respect  to a
Eurodollar  Rate  Loan,  the  rate  per  annum  equal  to  the  British  Bankers
Association  LIBOR  Rate  ("BBA  LIBOR"),  as  published  by  Reuters  (or other
commercially available source providing quotations of BBA LIBOR as designated by
the Administrative  Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London

                                      S-10
<PAGE>

time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest  Period,  for
Dollar  deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest  Period) with a
term equivalent to such Interest  Period.  If such rate is not available at such
time for any reason,  then the "Eurodollar  Rate" for such Interest Period shall
be the rate per annum determined by the  Administrative  Agent to be the rate at
which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest  Period
in same day funds in the  approximate  amount of the Eurodollar  Rate Loan being
made,  continued or converted by Bank of America and with a term  equivalent  to
such  Interest  Period  would be offered by Bank of America's  London  Branch to
major  banks in the  London  interbank  eurodollar  market at their  request  at
approximately   11:00  a.m.  (London  time)  two  Business  Days  prior  to  the
commencement of such Interest Period.

     "EURODOLLAR RATE LOAN" means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate
based on the Eurodollar Rate.

     "EVENT OF DEFAULT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 8.01.

     "EXCLUDED  TAXES"  means,  with respect to the  Administrative  Agent,  any
Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on
account of any  obligation  of the Borrower  hereunder,  (a) taxes imposed on or
measured by its overall net income  (however  denominated),  and franchise taxes
imposed  on it (in  lieu  of net  income  taxes),  by the  jurisdiction  (or any
political  subdivision  thereof)  under  the laws of  which  such  recipient  is
organized  or in which its  principal  office is located  or, in the case of any
Lender,  in which its  applicable  Lending  Office is  located,  (b) any  branch
profits  taxes  imposed by the United  States or any  similar tax imposed by any
other  jurisdiction  in which the  Borrower  is located and (c) in the case of a
Foreign  Lender  (other than an assignee  pursuant to a request by the  Borrower
under SECTION 10.13),  any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to
such Foreign  Lender at the time such Foreign  Lender becomes a party hereto (or
designates a new Lending  Office) or is  attributable  to such Foreign  Lender's
failure or inability  (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with
SECTION 3.01(E), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor,
if any) was entitled,  at the time of  designation  of a new Lending  Office (or
assignment),  to receive  additional  amounts from the Borrower  with respect to
such withholding tax pursuant to SECTION 3.01(A).

     "EXISTING  CREDIT  AGREEMENT" has the meaning  assigned to such term in the
Recitals.

     "EXISTING  LETTERS  OF  CREDIT"  means any  Letter of Credit  issued by the
Administrative Agent under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

     "EXTRAORDINARY  RECEIPTS" means any cash received by the Borrower or any of
its  Subsidiaries  not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of
proceeds described in SECTIONS 2.06 (B), (D) or (E) hereof), including,  without
limitation,  (a)  pension  plan  reversions,  (b)  proceeds  of  insurance,  (c)
judgments,  proceeds  of  settlements  or  other  consideration  of any  kind in
connection with any cause of action,  (d)  condemnation  awards (and payments in
lieu thereof),  and (e) indemnity payments;  provided that,  notwithstanding the
foregoing,  (i) amounts  received with respect to any claim made by the Borrower
for over-billing against Blue Cross and Blue Shield and (ii) amounts received by
any Loan Party from the proceeds of that certain escrow  account  established by
Spreckles  Industries,  Inc.  (with such  account  currently  being held by Yale

                                      S-11
<PAGE>

Industrial  Products,  Inc.) to cover worker's  compensation claims made against
Spreckles Industries, Inc., shall not constitute Extraordinary Receipts.

     "FEDERAL  FUNDS RATE"  means,  for any day, the rate per annum equal to the
weighted  average of the rates on  overnight  Federal  funds  transactions  with
members of the Federal  Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such
day, as  published  by the Federal  Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day
next succeeding  such day;  PROVIDED that (a) if such day is not a Business Day,
the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such  transactions  on
the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding  Business
Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published  on such next  succeeding  Business
Day,  the  Federal  Funds Rate for such day shall be the average  rate  (rounded
upward,  if  necessary,  to a whole  multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of
America on such day on such  transactions  as determined  by the  Administrative
Agent.

     "FEE LETTER" means the letter agreement, dated February 15, 2006, among the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger.

     "FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT  AGREEMENT" has the meaning  assigned to
such term in the Recitals.

     "FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO" means, for any Reference Period, the ratio of
(a) (i)  Consolidated  EBITDA for such Reference Period MINUS (ii) the aggregate
amount of all Capital  Expenditures during such Reference Period MINUS (iii) the
aggregate  amount paid,  or required to be paid (without  duplication),  in cash
(but in no event less than zero in the  aggregate)  in  respect  of the  current
portion of all  income  taxes for such  Reference  Period to (b) the sum for the
Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  (determined  on a  consolidated  basis  without
duplication in accordance  with GAAP),  of (i) the aggregate  amount of Interest
Expense for such Reference  Period,  MINUS,  to the extent  included in Interest
Expense,  the  amortization  during such  Reference  Period of  financing  costs
incurred in connection  with  Indebtedness,  PLUS (ii) the  aggregate  amount of
regularly  scheduled  payments  of  principal  in  respect of  Indebtedness  for
borrowed money (including the principal  component of any payments in respect of
Capital  Lease  Obligations)  paid or required to be paid during such  Reference
Period PLUS (iii) all Restricted Payments made under SECTION 7.06(F) during such
period.

     "FOREIGN LC EXPOSURE" means, at any time, the sum of the Dollar  Equivalent
amounts of (a) 100% of the aggregate  undrawn amount of all outstanding  Letters
of Credit  issued in an Optional  Currency at such time,  PLUS (b) the aggregate
amount of all Letters of Credit issued in an Optional Currency that have not yet
been reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party at such time.

     "FOREIGN  LENDER"  means any Lender that is  organized  under the laws of a
jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.
For purposes of this definition,  the United States,  each State thereof and the
District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.

     "FOREIGN  SUBSIDIARY" means any Subsidiary of the Borrower  organized under
the laws of any  jurisdiction  other  than the  United  States of America or any
State thereof.

                                      S-12
<PAGE>

     "FRB" means the Board of  Governors  of the Federal  Reserve  System of the
United States.

     "FUND" means any Person (other than a natural  person) that is (or will be)
engaged in making,  purchasing,  holding or otherwise  investing  in  commercial
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.

     "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting  principles in the United States
set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting  Principles Board
and the American  Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants and statements and
pronouncements  of the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  or  such  other
principles  as  may be  approved  by a  significant  segment  of the  accounting
profession in the United States,  that are applicable to the circumstances as of
the date of determination, consistently applied.

     "GOVERNMENTAL  AUTHORITY"  means the government of the United States or any
other nation, or of any political  subdivision thereof,  whether state or local,
and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank
or other entity exercising executive, legislative,  judicial, taxing, regulatory
or administrative  powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including
any  supra-national  bodies such as the European  Union or the European  Central
Bank).

     "GRANTING LENDER" has the meaning specified in SECTION 10.06(H).

     "GUARANTEE"  means,  as to any Person,  any (a)  obligation,  contingent or
otherwise,  of such  Person  guaranteeing  or  having  the  economic  effect  of
guaranteeing  any  Indebtedness  or other  obligation  payable or performable by
another  Person  (the  "primary  obligor")  in any manner,  whether  directly or
indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i)
to purchase or pay (or advance or supply  funds for the  purchase or payment of)
such  Indebtedness  or other  obligation,  (ii) to purchase  or lease  property,
securities  or services  for the  purpose of assuring  the obligee in respect of
such  Indebtedness  or other  obligation of the payment or  performance  of such
Indebtedness or other  obligation,  (iii) to maintain  working  capital,  equity
capital or any other  financial  statement  condition  or  liquidity or level of
income or cash flow of the primary  obligor so as to enable the primary  obligor
to pay such  Indebtedness  or other  obligation,  or (iv)  entered  into for the
purpose  of  assuring  in any  other  manner  the  obligee  in  respect  of such
Indebtedness  or other  obligation of the payment or  performance  thereof or to
protect such obligee  against loss in respect  thereof (in whole or in part), or
(b)  Lien on any  assets  of such  Person  securing  any  Indebtedness  or other
obligation  of any  other  Person,  whether  or not such  Indebtedness  or other
obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right,  contingent or otherwise, of
any  holder of such  Indebtedness  to obtain any such  Lien).  The amount of any
Guarantee  shall be deemed to be an amount  equal to the stated or  determinable
amount of the related  primary  obligation,  or portion  thereof,  in respect of
which such  Guarantee  is made or, if not stated or  determinable,  the  maximum
reasonably  anticipated  liability  in  respect  thereof  as  determined  by the
guaranteeing  Person  in  good  faith.  The  term  "Guarantee"  as a verb  has a
corresponding meaning.

                                      S-13
<PAGE>

     "GUARANTORS" means, collectively, each Subsidiary of the Borrower listed as
"Guarantor" on the signature  pages hereto and each other Person which becomes a
Guarantor hereunder after the Closing Date by complying with the requirements of
SECTION 6.12.

     "GUARANTOR  SECURITY  AGREEMENTS"  means,  collectively  (a) each  Security
Agreement,  dated as of the date hereof,  from a Guarantor to the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders and (b) each additional security agreement
executed by a Guarantor pursuant to SECTION 6.12.

     "GUARANTY"  means  the  Guaranty  made by the  Guarantors  in  favor of the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT F.

     "HAZARDOUS  MATERIALS"  means all  explosive or  radioactive  substances or
wastes  and all  hazardous  or toxic  substances,  wastes  or other  pollutants,
including petroleum or petroleum  distillates,  asbestos or  asbestos-containing
materials,  polychlorinated  biphenyls,  radon gas, infectious or medical wastes
and all other  substances  or wastes of any  nature  regulated  pursuant  to any
Environmental Law.

     "INDEBTEDNESS"  means,  as to any  Person  at a  particular  time,  without
duplication,  all of the following,  whether or not included as  indebtedness or
liabilities in accordance with GAAP:

     (a) all  obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all  obligations
of such Person evidenced by bonds,  debentures,  notes, loan agreements or other
similar instruments;

     (b) all direct or  contingent  obligations  of such  Person  arising  under
letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers' acceptances, bank
guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

     (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

     (d) all  obligations  of such Person to pay the deferred  purchase price of
property or services  (other than trade accounts  payable in the ordinary course
of business and, in each case, not past due for more than 90 days after the date
on which such trade account payable was created);

     (e) indebtedness  (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on
property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising
under  conditional  sales or other title retention  agreements),  whether or not
such  indebtedness  shall  have been  assumed  by such  Person or is  limited in
recourse;

     (f) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations;

     (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase,  redeem, retire, defease or
otherwise  make any payment in respect of any Equity  Interest in such Person or
any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the
greater of its voluntary or involuntary  liquidation preference PLUS accrued and

                                      S-14
<PAGE>

unpaid dividends; and (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the
foregoing.

     For all purposes  hereof,  the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the
Indebtedness  of any  partnership  or joint venture  (other than a joint venture
that is itself a corporation or limited liability  company) in which such Person
is a general partner or a joint venturer,  unless such Indebtedness is expressly
made  non-recourse  to such Person.  The amount of any net obligation  under any
Swap  Contract  on any date  shall be  deemed to be the Swap  Termination  Value
thereof as of such date.  The amount of any  capital  lease or  Synthetic  Lease
Obligation  as of any date  shall be  deemed to be the  amount  of  Attributable
Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date.

     "INDEMNIFIED    TAXES"   means   Taxes   other   than    Excluded    Taxes.

     "INDEMNITEES" has the meaning specified in SECTION 10.04(B).

     "INFORMATION" has the meaning specified in SECTION 10.07.

     "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENTS" means each Trademark Agreement,
Patent Agreement or Copyright Mortgage.

     "INTERCREDITOR  AGREEMENT" means the Intercreditor  Agreement,  dated as of
July 22, 2003, among the Borrower,  the Administrative Agent and the Senior Note
Indenture Trustee.

     "INTEREST EXPENSE" means, for any period, the sum, without duplication, for
the  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  (determined  on a  consolidated  basis  in
accordance  with  GAAP),  of the  following:  (a) all  interest  in  respect  of
Indebtedness  accrued or paid during such period  (whether or not actually  paid
during such period),  PLUS (b) the net amounts payable (or MINUS the net amounts
receivable) in respect of Swap Contracts  accrued during such period (whether or
not actually paid or received  during such period)  excluding  reimbursement  of
legal fees and other similar  transaction costs and excluding  payments required
by  reason of the  early  termination  of  Hedging  Agreements  in effect on the
Closing Date, PLUS (c) all fees,  including  letter of credit fees and expenses,
(but  excluding  reimbursement  of legal  fees),  PLUS (d) the  amortization  of
financing costs incurred in connection with Indebtedness

     "INTEREST  PAYMENT  DATE" means,  (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate
Loan,  the last day of each  Interest  Period  applicable  to such  Loan and the
Maturity Date; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar
Rate Loan  exceeds  three  months,  the  respective  dates that fall every three
months  after the  beginning  of such  Interest  Period  shall also be  Interest
Payment Dates;  and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan  (including a Swing Line Loan),
the 15th day of each January, April, July and October and the Maturity Date.

     "INTEREST  PERIOD"  means,  as to each  Eurodollar  Rate  Loan,  the period
commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or
continued as a Eurodollar  Rate Loan and ending on the date one,  two,  three or
six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice;
PROVIDED that:

          (i) any Interest  Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not
     a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless


                                      S-15
<PAGE>

     such  Business  Day falls in  another  calendar  month,  in which case such
     Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

          (ii) any  Interest  Period that begins on the last  Business  Day of a
     calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding
     day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest  Period) shall end on
     the last  Business  Day of the calendar  month at the end of such  Interest
     Period; and

          no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.

     "INTERNAL  CONTROL  EVENT"  means a  material  weakness  in, or fraud  that
involves  management  or other  employees  who have a  significant  role in, the
Borrower's internal controls over financial reporting, in each case as described
in the Securities Laws.

     "INVESTMENT" means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or
investment  by such  Person,  whether  by  means  of (a) the  purchase  or other
acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person,  (b) a loan,
advance or capital  contribution  to,  Guarantee  or  assumption  of debt of, or
purchase  or other  acquisition  of any other  debt or equity  participation  or
interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest
in such  other  Person  and any  arrangement  pursuant  to  which  the  investor
Guarantees  Indebtedness  of such other  Person,  or (c) the  purchase  or other
acquisition  (in one  transaction  or a series  of  transactions)  of  assets of
another  Person  that  constitute  a business  unit.  For  purposes  of covenant
compliance,  the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested,
without  adjustment for  subsequent  increases or decreases in the value of such
Investment.

     "IP RIGHTS" has the meaning specified in SECTION 5.18.

     "IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

     "ISP"  means,  with  respect to any Letter of  Credit,  the  "International
Standby Practices 1998" published by the Institute of International  Banking Law
&  Practice  (or such later  version  thereof as may be in effect at the time of
issuance).

     "ISSUER  DOCUMENTS" means with respect to any Letter of Credit,  the Letter
of Credit Application,  and any other document, agreement and instrument entered
into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any  Subsidiary) or in favor the L/C
Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit.

     "LAWS" means, collectively, all international,  foreign, Federal, state and
local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations,  ordinances, codes and
administrative   or  judicial   precedents   or   authorities,   including   the
interpretation or administration  thereof by any Governmental  Authority charged
with  the  enforcement,   interpretation  or  administration  thereof,  and  all
applicable   administrative  orders,   directed  duties,   requests,   licenses,
authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental  Authority,
in each case whether or not having the force of law.

                                      S-16
<PAGE>

     "L/C ADVANCE" means, with respect to each Lender,  such Lender's funding of
its  participation  in any L/C  Borrowing  in  accordance  with  its  Applicable
Percentage.

     "L/C BORROWING" means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under
any  Letter of Credit  which  has not been  reimbursed  on the date when made or
refinanced as a Committed Borrowing.

     "L/C CREDIT  EXTENSION"  means,  with respect to any Letter of Credit,  the
issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the
amount thereof.

     "L/C ISSUER"  means Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of
Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.

     "L/C  OBLIGATIONS"  means, as at any date of  determination,  the aggregate
Dollar Equivalent amount available to be drawn under all outstanding  Letters of
Credit  PLUS  the  aggregate  of all  Unreimbursed  Amounts,  including  all L/C
Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any
Letter of Credit,  the amount of such Letter of Credit  shall be  determined  in
accordance with SECTION 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date
of  determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may
still be drawn  thereunder  by reason of the  operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP,
such  Letter of Credit  shall be deemed  to be  "outstanding"  in the  amount so
remaining available to be drawn.

     "LENDER" has the meaning  specified in the  introductory  paragraph  hereto
and, as the context requires, includes the Swing Line Lender.

     "LENDING  OFFICE"  means,  as to any Lender,  the office or offices of such
Lender described as such in such Lender's Administrative Questionnaire,  or such
other  office or offices as a Lender may from time to time  notify the  Borrower
and the Administrative Agent.

     "LETTER OF CREDIT" means any letter of credit or banker's acceptance issued
hereunder and any Existing Letter of Credit.

     "LETTER OF CREDIT  APPLICATION"  means an application and agreement for the
issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use
by the L/C Issuer.

     "LETTER OF CREDIT EXPIRATION DATE" means the day that is five days prior to
the  Maturity  Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business  Day,  the
next preceding Business Day).

     "LETTER OF CREDIT FEE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.03(I).

     "LETTER OF CREDIT  SUBLIMIT"  means an amount equal to  $20,000,000,  up to
$10,000,000  of which may be  denominated  in an Optional  Currency  pursuant to
SECTION  2.03(A)(I).  The  Letter  of  Credit  Sublimit  is part of,  and not in
addition to, the Aggregate Commitments.

     "LIEN"  means any  mortgage,  pledge,  hypothecation,  assignment,  deposit
arrangement,  encumbrance,  lien  (statutory or other),  charge,  or preference,
priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of

                                      S-17
<PAGE>

a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever  (including any conditional
sale or other title  retention  agreement,  any easement,  right of way or other
encumbrance  on  title  to  real  property,   and  any  financing  lease  having
substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

     "LOAN"  means an  extension  of credit by a Lender  to the  Borrower  under
ARTICLE II in the form of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line Loan.

     "LOAN DOCUMENTS" means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the
Fee Letter, and each of the Security Documents.

     "LOAN PARTIES" means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor.

     "MATERIAL  ADVERSE  EFFECT"  means (a) a material  adverse  change in, or a
material  adverse effect upon, the  operations,  business,  properties,  assets,
liabilities  (actual or  contingent),  condition  (financial  or  otherwise)  or
prospects of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;
(b) a material  impairment  of the  ability  of any Loan  Party to  perform  its
obligations  under any Loan  Document to which it is a party;  or (c) a material
adverse effect upon the legality,  validity,  binding effect,  enforceability or
rights and remedies of the Administrative  Agent or the Lenders against any Loan
Party under any Loan Document to which it is a party.

     "MATERIAL  RENTAL  OBLIGATION"  means the obligation of the Loan Parties to
pay rent  under any one or more  operating  leases  with  respect to any real or
personal property that is material to the business of the Loan Parties and as to
which the aggregate  amount of all rents payable  during any fiscal year exceeds
$500,000.

     "MATURITY  DATE" means February 22, 2010;  PROVIDED THAT if, on or prior to
February 22, 2010,  (i) the maturity date of the Senior Notes or any  Additional
Subordinated  Indebtedness  is modified to be no earlier than September 22, 2011
or (ii) a reserve  consisting of cash and unused  borrowing  availability  under
this  Agreement  is  established  and  maintained  at  all  times  in an  amount
sufficient,  as defined by the Administrative  Agent in its sole discretion,  to
refinance  the Senior Notes upon their  maturity or the Senior Notes are paid in
full with the proceeds of  Additional  Subordinated  Indebtedness  or otherwise,
"Maturity Date" shall mean February 22, 2011; PROVIDED,  FURTHER,  that, in each
case,  if such date is not a Business  Day, the Maturity  Date shall be the next
preceding Business Day.

     "MORTGAGES" means, collectively,  the several security instruments (whether
designated as a deed of trust or a mortgage,  leasehold mortgage,  assignment of
leases and rents or by any similar  title)  executed  and  delivered by any Loan
Party to the Administrative  Agent, in such form as may be approved by the Agent
in its sole and reasonable discretion, in each case with such changes thereto as
may be  recommended by the  Administrative  Agent's local counsel based on local
laws or customary  local  practices,  with respect to the real property owned or
leased by a Loan Party,  in each case as such  security  instrument or amendment
may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including,
without limitation,  any mortgages granted to the Administrative Agent after the
Closing Date pursuant to SECTION 6.12.

                                      S-18
<PAGE>

     "MULTIEMPLOYER  PLAN" means any employee benefit plan of the type described
in Section  4001(a)(3)  of ERISA,  to which the Borrower or any ERISA  Affiliate
makes or is obligated to make  contributions,  or during the preceding five plan
years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.

     "NET CASH PROCEEDS" means:

     (a) with respect to the sale of any asset by any Loan Party, the excess, if
any, of (i) the sum of cash and cash  equivalents  received in  connection  with
such sale (including any cash received by way of deferred  payment  pursuant to,
or by monetization  of, a note receivable or otherwise,  but only as and when so
received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that
is secured by such asset,  so long as the lien  securing  such  Indebtedness  is
permitted  pursuant  to  SECTION  7.01,  and that is  required  to be  repaid in
connection  with  the sale  thereof  (other  than  Indebtedness  under  the Loan
Documents),  (B) the  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred  by such  Loan  Party in
connection  with such  sale and (C)  income  taxes  reasonably  estimated  to be
actually  payable  within two years of the date of the relevant  asset sale as a
result of any gain recognized in connection therewith; and

     (b) with respect to the sale of any capital stock or other equity  interest
or the incurrence of any  Indebtedness by any Loan Party,  the excess of (i) the
sum of the cash and cash  equivalents  received in connection  with such sale or
incurrence  over (ii) the  underwriting  discounts  and  commissions,  and other
out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by such Loan Party in connection with such sale
or incurrence.

     "NON-CASH CHARGES" means, with respect to any calculation of net income for
any period,  all  non-cash  extraordinary  losses and  charges  deducted in such
calculation  (as  determined in accordance  with GAAP  (excluding  inventory and
account receiveable write-downs and charge-offs), including, without limitation,
non-cash  recognition  of unrealized  declines in the market value of marketable
securities  recorded in accordance  with FASB Statement No. 115,  non-cash asset
impairment  charges  recorded in accordance with FASB Statement No. 142 and FASB
Statement No. 144, and non-cash restructuring charges.

     "NOTE"  means a  promissory  note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender
evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT C.

     "OBLIGATIONS"  means (i) all  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of
the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  to any of the  Lenders,  the  Administrative
Agent,  the L/C Issuer and cash management  service  providers,  individually or
collectively,  existing on the  Closing  Date or arising  thereafter,  direct or
indirect,  joint or  several,  absolute  or  contingent,  matured or  unmatured,
liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation
of law or  otherwise,  arising or incurred  under this  Agreement  or any of the
other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans,  the Notes,  the Letters
of Credit or other  instruments at any time  evidencing any thereof,  including,
without  limitation,  the  aggregate  outstanding  principal  balance of and all
interest  on the  Loans  made by the  Lenders  to the  Borrower  (including  any
interest  accruing  after the  commencement  of any proceeding by or against the
Borrower under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted,  or
any other applicable  federal or state  bankruptcy,  insolvency or other similar
law, and any other interest that would have accrued but for the  commencement of

                                      S-19
<PAGE>

such  proceeding,  whether  or not  any  such  interest  is  allowed  as a claim
enforceable against the Borrower in any such proceeding),  and all reimbursement
obligations in respect of Letters of Credit,  (ii) all LC  Disbursements,  (iii)
all fees, costs, charges, expenses and other obligations from time to time owing
to the  Lenders,  the L/C Issuer,  the  Administrative  Agent,  cash  management
service providers or any of their Affiliates by the Loan Parties or any of their
Subsidiaries  hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and (iv) all overdraft
obligations,  fees, costs, charges,  expenses and other obligations from time to
time owing to the  Lenders,  the L/C  Issuer,  the  Administrative  Agent,  cash
management  service  providers or any of their Affiliates by the Loan Parties or
any of their  Subsidiaries  in respect  of any Swap  Contract,  cash  management
agreement  (including ACH transactions),  operating or deposit account, or other
banking  product from time to time made  available to the Loan Parties or any of
their Subsidiaries by the Administrative  Agent, the L/C Issuer, cash management
service providers, any Lender or any of their Affiliates.

     "OPTIONAL  CURRENCY" means any of the following  currencies:  Mexican peso,
Canadian  dollars,  Danish crowns,  or the "Euro",  Japanese yen, United Kingdom
pounds sterling or Chinese yuan.

     "ORGANIZATION  DOCUMENTS"  means, (a) with respect to any corporation,  the
certificate  or  articles  of  incorporation  and the bylaws (or  equivalent  or
comparable  constitutive  documents with respect to any non-U.S.  jurisdiction);
(b) with respect to any limited liability  company,  the certificate or articles
of formation or organization  and operating  agreement;  and (c) with respect to
any  partnership,  joint venture,  trust or other form of business  entity,  the
partnership,  joint  venture  or other  applicable  agreement  of  formation  or
organization  and any  agreement,  instrument,  filing  or notice  with  respect
thereto  filed  in  connection  with  its  formation  or  organization  with the
applicable  Governmental  Authority  in the  jurisdiction  of its  formation  or
organization  and, if  applicable,  any  certificate or articles of formation or
organization of such entity.

     "ORIGINAL  CREDIT  AGREEMENT" has the meaning  assigned to such term in the
Recitals.

     "OTHER TAXES" means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any
other  excise or property  taxes,  charges or similar  levies  arising  from any
payment made  hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the  execution,
delivery or enforcement  of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any
other Loan Document.

     "OUTSTANDING  AMOUNT"  means (i) with respect to Committed  Loans and Swing
Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after
giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans
and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be,  occurring on such date; and (ii) with
respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of such
L/C  Obligations  on such date after giving  effect to any L/C Credit  Extension
occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate  amount of the L/C
Obligations as of such date,  including as a result of any reimbursements by the
Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.

     "PARTICIPANT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 10.06(D).

                                      S-20
<PAGE>

     "PATENT AGREEMENT" means any grant of security interest in patents, made by
any Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent, or any of its predecessors,
including,  without  limitation  that certain Patent  Collateral  Assignment and
Security  Agreement,  dated as of November 21, 2002,  by and among the Borrower,
Yale  Industrial  Products,  Inc. and Fleet Capital  Corporation  (n/k/a Bank of
America, N.A.) as agent, as amended, restated, replaced or assigned from time to
time,  including as amended by that certain First Amendment to Patent Collateral
Assignment and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date.

     "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

     "PCAOB" means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

     "PENSION PLAN" means any "employee  pension  benefit plan" (as such term is
defined in Section  3(2) of ERISA),  other than a  Multiemployer  Plan,  that is
subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or  maintained  by the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate  contributes
or has an obligation  to  contribute,  or in the case of a multiple  employer or
other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made  contributions at any
time during the immediately preceding five plan years.

     "PERSON" means any natural person, corporation,  limited liability company,
trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership,  Governmental Authority
or other entity.

     "PLAN"  means any  "employee  benefit  plan" (as such  term is  defined  in
Section 3(3) of ERISA)  established by the Borrower or, with respect to any such
plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA,  any ERISA
Affiliate.

     "PLATFORM" has the meaning specified in SECTION 6.02.

     "PLEDGE AGREEMENT" means any pledge agreement, between a Loan Party and the
Administrative  Agent, pursuant to which any Loan Party pledges any stock, other
equity interests or intercompany notes held by it, including, without limitation
that certain Pledge  Agreement,  dated as of November 21, 2002, by and among the
Borrower,  Audubon West, Inc., Crane Equipment & Service, Inc. and Fleet Capital
Corporation  (n/k/a  Bank of  America,  N.A.) as agent,  as  amended,  restated,
replaced or assigned  from time to time,  including,  as amended by that certain
First Amendment to Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date.

     "REFERENCE  PERIOD" means, as of any date of  determination,  the period of
four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries ending
on such date,  or if such date is not a fiscal  quarter end date,  the period of
four (4)  consecutive  fiscal quarters most recently ended (in each case treated
as a single accounting period).

     "REGISTER" has the meaning specified in SECTION 10.06(C).

     "REGISTERED  PUBLIC  ACCOUNTING  FIRM"  has the  meaning  specified  in the
Securities  Laws and shall be  independent  of the Borrower as prescribed by the
Securities Laws.

                                      S-21
<PAGE>

     "RELATED  PARTIES"  means,  with  respect  to  any  Person,  such  Person's
Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors
of such Person and of such Person's Affiliates.

     "RELATED REAL ESTATE  DOCUMENTS" - with respect to any real estate  subject
to a Mortgage, the following,  in form and substance reasonably  satisfactory to
Administrative Agent and received by Administrative Agent for review at least 15
days prior to the effective date of the Mortgage (or such shorter length of time
acceptable  to  Administrative  Agent  in  its  reasonable  discretion):  (a)  a
mortgagee  title policy (or binder  therefor)  covering  Administrative  Agent's
interest under the Mortgage,  in a form and amount and by an insurer  reasonably
acceptable to Administrative  Agent,  which must be fully paid on such effective
date;  (b) such  assignments  of leases,  rents,  estoppel  letters,  attornment
agreements,  consents,  waivers and releases as Administrative Agent may require
with  respect to other  Persons  having an  interest in the real  estate;  (c) a
current,  as-built  survey of the real  estate,  containing  a  metes-and-bounds
property description and flood plain certification,  and certified by a licensed
surveyor reasonably  acceptable to Administrative  Agent; (d) flood insurance in
an  amount,  with  endorsements  and  by an  insurer  reasonably  acceptable  to
Administrative  Agent, if the real estate is within a flood plain; (e) a current
appraisal of the real estate,  prepared by an appraiser reasonably acceptable to
Administrative  Agent,  and in  form  and  substance  satisfactory  to  Required
Lenders;  (f) a Phase I (and to the extent appropriate,  Phase II) environmental
assessment  report,  prepared by an  environmental  consulting  firm  reasonably
satisfactory  to   Administrative   Agent,  and  accompanied  by  such  reports,
certificates,  studies or data as Administrative  Agent may reasonably  require,
which  shall  all  be  in  form  and  substance   reasonably   satisfactory   to
Administrative  Agent;  and (g) an  environmental  indemnity  agreement and such
other  documents,   instruments  or  agreements  as  Administrative   Agent  may
reasonably  require with respect to any  environmental  risks regarding the real
estate.

     "REPORTABLE  EVENT" means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of
ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived.

     "REQUEST  FOR CREDIT  EXTENSION"  means (a) with  respect  to a  Borrowing,
conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with
respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with
respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice.

     "REQUIRED  LENDERS" means, as of any date of determination,  Lenders having
more than 50% of the Aggregate  Commitments or, if the commitment of each Lender
to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions
have been terminated  pursuant to SECTION 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate
more  than 50% of the Total  Outstandings  (with  the  aggregate  amount of each
Lender's risk  participation  and funded  participation  in L/C  Obligations and
Swing  Line Loans  being  deemed  "held" by such  Lender  for  purposes  of this
definition);  PROVIDED  that the  Commitment  of,  and the  portion of the Total
Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for
purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders.

     "RESET DATE" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.07(C)(II).

                                      S-22
<PAGE>

     "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER" means the chief executive officer,  president,  chief
financial officer, treasurer,  secretary, assistant treasurer or controller of a
Loan Party.  Any document  delivered  hereunder  that is signed by a Responsible
Officer of a Loan Party shall be  conclusively  presumed to have been authorized
by all necessary corporate,  partnership and/or other action on the part of such
Loan Party and such Responsible  Officer shall be conclusively  presumed to have
acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

     "RESTRICTED PAYMENT" means (i) any dividend or other distribution  (whether
in cash,  securities  or other  property)  with respect to any capital  stock or
other Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether
in cash,  securities or other  property),  including any sinking fund or similar
deposit,  on  account  of the  purchase,  redemption,  retirement,  acquisition,
cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity  Interest,
or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower's stockholders,  partners
or members (or the equivalent Person thereof), (ii) any redemption,  retirement,
sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct
or indirect,  of any shares of any class of stock of, or other  equity  interest
in,  any Loan Party or any of its  Subsidiaries  now or  hereafter  outstanding,
(iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding
warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of stock of, or
other equity  interest in, any Loan Party or any of its  Subsidiaries,  (iv) any
payment or  prepayment  of  principal  of,  premium,  if any, or interest on, or
redemption  purchase,  retirement,   defeasance  (including  economic  or  legal
defeasance),  sinking  fund  or  similar  payment  with  respect  to the  Senior
Subordinated Notes, Senior Notes,  Additional  Subordinated  Indebtedness and/or
any intercompany  Indebtedness  owing by the Borrower or any Guarantor,  and (v)
any payment made to any Affiliates of any Loan Party or any of its  Subsidiaries
in respect of management,  consulting or other similar services  provided to any
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

     "SARBANES-OXLEY" means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

     "SEC" means the Securities  and Exchange  Commission,  or any  Governmental
Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

     "SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT  AGREEMENT" has the meaning assigned to
such term in the Recitals.

     "SECURITIES LAWS" means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange
Act  of  1934,   Sarbanes-Oxley  and  the  applicable  accounting  and  auditing
principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated
by the SEC or the PCAOB.

     "SECURITY DOCUMENTS" means collectively,  the Mortgages,  the Guaranty, the
Pledge  Agreements,  the Borrower  Security  Agreement,  the Guarantor  Security
Agreements,  the Environmental  Indemnity Agreement,  the Intellectual  Property
Security Agreements,  any assignments of intercompany Indebtedness and all other
security  agreements,  UCC financing  statements,  and any other  instruments or
documents  required by the  Administrative  Agent to be  executed  or  delivered
hereunder to secure the Obligations.

                                      S-23
<PAGE>

     "SENIOR LEVERAGE RATIO" means, as of any date of  determination,  the ratio
of (a) Senior Net  Funded  Indebtedness  of the  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries
outstanding on such date TO (b)  Consolidated  EBITDA for Reference Period ended
on such date.

     "SENIOR NET FUNDED INDEBTEDNESS"  means, at any time of determination,  the
sum of Total Funded Indebtedness (which shall include the L/C Obligations) MINUS
the principal amount of the Senior Subordinated Notes or Additional Subordinated
Indebtedness outstanding at such time.

     "SENIOR NOTE DOCUMENTS"  means the Senior Notes,  the Senior Note Indenture
and all other documents,  instruments and agreements executed and delivered with
respect to the Senior Notes or Senior Note Indenture,  in each case, as the same
shall be further amended,  supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from
time to time."

     "SENIOR  NOTE  INDENTURE"  means the  Indenture  dated as of July 22, 2003,
between the Borrower and the Senior Note Indenture  Trustee,  as in effect as of
the date hereof and as thereafter  amended from time to time in accordance  with
the provisions hereof.

     "SENIOR NOTE INDENTURE TRUSTEE" means U.S. Bank Trust National Association,
or any successor thereto as trustee under the Senior Note Indenture.

     "SENIOR NOTES" means the  Borrower's  10% senior  secured notes,  due 2010,
issued  pursuant to the Senior Note  Indenture,  as such notes may be  modified,
supplement  or  amended  from  time to time in  accordance  with the  provisions
hereof.

     "SENIOR  SUBORDINATED  NOTE DOCUMENTS" means the Senior  Subordinated  Note
Indenture,  the Senior  Subordinated Notes and all other documents,  instruments
and agreements executed and delivered in connection with the Senior Subordinated
Notes,  in each case, as the same shall,  subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement,  be amended,  supplemented  or otherwise  modified and in effect
from time to time.

     "SENIOR   SUBORDINATED   NOTE  INDENTURE"   means  the  Columbus   McKinnon
Corporation  8 ?%  Senior  Subordinated  Notes Due 2013  Indenture,  dated as of
September 2, 2005,  between the Borrower,  as issuer, and U.S. Bank, as trustee,
as the same shall,  subject to the terms and  conditions of this  Agreement,  be
further amended,  supplemented or otherwise  modified and in effect from time to
time.

     "SENIOR  SUBORDINATED  NOTES" means the Borrower's 8 ?% senior subordinated
notes due 2013, issued pursuant to the Senior  Subordinated  Note Indenture,  as
the same  shall,  subject  to the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement,  be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time.

     "SIGNIFICANT  SUBSIDIARY"  means  any  Subsidiary  of  the  Borrower  which
accounts for more than fifteen percent of one or more of:

     (a) the book  value of the  consolidated  assets  of the  Borrower  and its
Subsidiaries; or

                                      S-24
<PAGE>

     (b) the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,

     all as shown in the  financial  statements  most recently  delivered  under
SECTION 6.01(A) or (B).

     "SIGNIFICANT  DOMESTIC  SUBSIDIARY" means any Domestic Subsidiary that is a
Significant Subsidiary.

     "SOLVENT" means,  with respect to any Person on a particular date, that, at
fair valuations,  (a) the sum of such Person's assets is greater than (x) all of
such Person's  consolidated  liabilities  (including  contingent,  subordinated,
unmatured and unliquidated  liabilities) and (y) the amount required to pay such
liabilities  as they become  absolute,  matured or  otherwise  become due in the
normal course of business,  (b) such Person has the ability to pay its debts and
liabilities  (including  contingent,  subordinated,  unmatured and  unliquidated
liabilities)  as they become  absolute,  matured or otherwise  become due in the
normal  course of business  and (c) such  Person  does not have an  unreasonably
small amount of capital with which to conduct its business.

     "SPC" has the meaning specified in SECTION 10.06(H).

     "SUBSIDIARY" of a Person means a corporation,  partnership,  joint venture,
limited  liability  company or other business  entity of which a majority of the
shares of securities or other  interests  having  ordinary  voting power for the
election  of  directors  or other  governing  body  (other  than  securities  or
interests  having such power only by reason of the  happening of a  contingency)
are at the time  beneficially  owned,  or the  management  of which is otherwise
controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both,
by  such  Person.  Unless  otherwise  specified,  all  references  herein  to  a
"Subsidiary" or to "Subsidiaries" shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of
the Borrower.

     "SWAP CONTRACT" means (a) any and all rate swap transactions,  basis swaps,
credit  derivative  transactions,  forward rate  transactions,  commodity swaps,
commodity options, forward commodity contracts,  equity or equity index swaps or
options,  bond or bond price or bond index  swaps or options or forward  bond or
forward bond price or forward bond index  transactions,  interest  rate options,
forward foreign exchange  transactions,  cap transactions,  floor  transactions,
collar  transactions,  currency  swap  transactions,  cross-currency  rate  swap
transactions,   currency   options,   spot  contracts,   or  any  other  similar
transactions or any  combination of any of the foregoing  (including any options
to enter  into any of the  foregoing),  whether or not any such  transaction  is
governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions
of any kind, and the related  confirmations,  which are subject to the terms and
conditions  of, or governed  by, any form of master  agreement  published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign
Exchange  Master  Agreement,  or any other  master  agreement  (any such  master
agreement, together with any related schedules, a "MASTER AGREEMENT"), including
any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

     "SWAP  TERMINATION  VALUE"  means,  in  respect  of any  one or  more  Swap
Contracts,  after  taking into  account  the effect of any  legally  enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts,  (a) for any date on or after
the date such Swap  Contracts  have been  closed  out and  termination  value(s)

                                      S-25
<PAGE>

determined in accordance therewith,  such termination value(s),  and (b) for any
date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the
mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or
more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized
dealer in such Swap Contracts  (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a
Lender).

     "SWING LINE" means the revolving credit  sub-facility made available by the
Swing Line Lender pursuant to SECTION 2.04.

     "SWING LINE  BORROWING"  means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to
SECTION 2.04.

     "SWING LINE  LENDER"  means Bank of America in its  capacity as provider of
Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder.

     "SWING LINE LOAN" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.04(A).

     "SWING LINE LOAN NOTICE" means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing  pursuant
to SECTION 2.04(B),  which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of
EXHIBIT B.

     "SWING LINE SUBLIMIT" means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $7,500,000
and (b) the Aggregate  Commitments.  The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not
in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments.

     "SYNTHETIC  LEASE  OBLIGATION"  means the monetary  obligation  of a Person
under (a) a so-called  synthetic,  off-balance  sheet or tax retention lease, or
(b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that
do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency
or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such
Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

     "TAXES"  means  all  present  or future  taxes,  levies,  imposts,  duties,
deductions,  withholdings,  assessments,  fees or other  charges  imposed by any
Governmental  Authority,  including any interest,  additions to tax or penalties
applicable thereto.

     "THRESHOLD AMOUNT" means $2,000,000.

     "TOTAL  FUNDED  INDEBTEDNESS"  means,  with respect to the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries,  the sum,  without  duplication,  of (a) the  aggregate  amount of
Indebtedness of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  determined on a consolidated
basis in  accordance  with GAAP,  relating to (i) the  borrowing of money or the
obtaining of credit, including the issuance of notes or bonds, (ii) the deferred
purchase  price of assets  (other than trade  payables  incurred in the ordinary
course of business),  (iii) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligations or any
Capital Lease Obligations, and (iv) the maximum drawing amount of all letters of
credit outstanding,  plus (b) Indebtedness of the type referred to in clause (a)
of another Person guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

                                      S-26
<PAGE>

     "TOTAL  OUTSTANDINGS"  means the aggregate  Outstanding Amount of all Loans
and all L/C Obligations.

     "TRADEMARK  AGREEMENT" means any grant of security  interest in trademarks,
made by any  Loan  Party in favor  of the  Administrative  Agent,  or any of its
predecessors,  including,  without limitation that certain Trademark  Collateral
Security and Pledge  Agreement,  dated as of November 21, 2002, by and among the
Borrower,  Yale Industrial  Products,  Inc. and Fleet Capital Corporation (n/k/a
Bank of America, N.A.) as agent, as amended, restated, replaced or assigned from
time to time,  including as amended by that certain First Amendment to Trademark
Collateral Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date.

     "TYPE"  means,  with respect to a Committed  Loan,  its character as a Base
Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan.

     "UNFUNDED  PENSION  LIABILITY" means the excess of a Pension Plan's benefit
liabilities  under Section  4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that
Pension Plan's assets,  determined in accordance with the  assumptions  used for
funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the  applicable
plan year.

     "UNITED STATES" and "U.S." mean the United States of America.

     "UNREIMBURSED AMOUNT" has the meaning specified in SECTION 2.03(C)(I).

     1.02. OTHER INTERPRETIVE  PROVISIONS.  With reference to this Agreement and
each other Loan Document,  unless  otherwise  specified  herein or in such other
Loan Document:

     (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and
plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun
shall include the corresponding masculine,  feminine and neuter forms. The words
"INCLUDE,"  "includes"  and  "INCLUDING"  shall be deemed to be  followed by the
phrase "without limitation." The word "WILL" shall be construed to have the same
meaning and effect as the word "SHALL." Unless the context  requires  otherwise,
(i) any  definition  of or  reference  to any  agreement,  instrument  or  other
document  (including any Organization  Document) shall be construed as referring
to such  agreement,  instrument or other  document as from time to time amended,
supplemented  or  otherwise  modified  (subject  to  any  restrictions  on  such
amendments,  supplements or modifications  set forth herein or in any other Loan
Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include
such Person's  successors and assigns,  (iii) the words  "HEREIN,"  "HEREOF" and
"HEREUNDER,"  and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document,  shall
be  construed  to refer to such Loan  Document  in its  entirety  and not to any
particular  provision  thereof,  (iv)  all  references  in a  Loan  Document  to
Articles,  Sections,  Exhibits  and  Schedules  shall be  construed  to refer to
Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and  Schedules  to, the Loan  Document in
which such  references  appear,  (v) any  reference to any law shall include all
statutory  and  regulatory  provisions  consolidating,  amending,  replacing  or
interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation  shall,  unless
otherwise  specified,  refer to such law or regulation  as amended,  modified or
supplemented  from time to time, and (vi) the words "ASSET" and "PROPERTY" shall
be  construed  to have the same  meaning  and effect and to refer to any and all

                                      S-27
<PAGE>

tangible and  intangible  assets and  properties,  including  cash,  securities,
accounts and contract rights.

     (b) In the  computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later
specified  date, the word "FROM" means "FROM AND  INCLUDING;" the words "TO" and
"UNTIL"  each  mean "TO BUT  EXCLUDING;"  and the word  "THROUGH"  means "TO AND
INCLUDING."

     (c) Section  headings  herein and in the other Loan  Documents are included
for  convenience  of reference only and shall not affect the  interpretation  of
this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

     1.03.   ACCOUNTING   TERMS.   (a)  GENERALLY.   All  accounting  terms  not
specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with,
and  all  financial  data  (including   financial  ratios  and  other  financial
calculations)  required  to be  submitted  pursuant to this  Agreement  shall be
prepared in conformity  with,  GAAP applied on a consistent  basis, as in effect
from time to time,  applied in a manner  consistent  with that used in preparing
the Audited Financial Statements,  EXCEPT as otherwise  specifically  prescribed
herein.

     (b)  CHANGES IN GAAP.  If at any time any  change in GAAP would  affect the
computation  of any  financial  ratio  or  requirement  set  forth  in any  Loan
Document,  and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith
to amend such ratio or  requirement  to preserve the original  intent thereof in
light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required  Lenders);
PROVIDED THAT, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to
be computed in  accordance  with GAAP prior to such change  therein and (ii) the
Borrower  shall provide to the  Administrative  Agent and the Lenders  financial
statements  and other  documents  required under this Agreement or as reasonably
requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation  between calculations of such
ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.

     1.04.  ROUNDING.  Any  financial  ratios  required to be  maintained by the
Borrower  pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall  be  calculated  by  dividing  the
appropriate  component by the other component,  carrying the result to one place
more than the  number of places by which  such  ratio is  expressed  herein  and
rounding  the result up or down to the nearest  number  (with a  rounding-up  if
there is no nearest number).

     1.05. TIMES OF DAY. Unless otherwise  specified,  all references  herein to
times of day shall be  references  to Eastern time  (daylight  or  standard,  as
applicable).

     1.06.  LETTER OF CREDIT AMOUNTS.  Unless otherwise  specified  herein,  the
amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount
of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time;  provided,  however,  that with
respect  to any Letter of Credit  that,  by its terms or the terms of any Issuer
Document  related thereto,  provides for one or more automatic  increases in the
stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be
the maximum  stated  amount of such Letter of Credit after giving  effect to all
such  increases,  whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such
time.

                                      S-28
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE II.
                      THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

     2.01.  COMMITTED  LOANS.  (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a "COMMITTED
LOAN") to the  Borrower  from  time to time,  on any  Business  Day  during  the
Availability  Period,  in  an  aggregate  amount  not  to  exceed  at  any  time
outstanding  the amount of such Lender's  Commitment;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that
after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall
not exceed the Aggregate Commitments,  and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount
of the Committed Loans of any Lender, PLUS such Lender's  Applicable  Percentage
of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations,  PLUS such Lender's Applicable
Percentage  of the  Outstanding  Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed
such Lender's  Commitment.  Within the limits of each Lender's  Commitment,  and
subject to the other terms and conditions  hereof, the Borrower may borrow under
this SECTION 2.01,  prepay under SECTION 2.05,  and reborrow  under this SECTION
2.01.  Committed  Loans may be Base Rate  Loans or  Eurodollar  Rate  Loans,  as
further provided herein.

     (b) As of the Closing Date,  there are $0 of Loans  outstanding and Letters
of Credit  with a face  amount of  $7,497,893.63  outstanding  under the  Second
Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement.  Pursuant to a separate  Assignment and
Assumption Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, the lenders under the Second
Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  have  assigned  such Loans to Bank of
America,  N.A.,  effective as of the Closing  Date.  Effective as of the Closing
Date,  (i) such Loans under the Second  Amended and  Restated  Credit  Agreement
shall be amended and restated as Loans hereunder and (ii) Bank of America,  N.A.
hereby assigns a portion of the  Commitment to the Lenders  hereunder such that,
after giving effect to such assignment,  the Commitments of the Lenders shall be
as set forth on SCHEDULE  2.01. The terms and provisions of Annex 1 of Exhibit E
(Assignment  and Assumption)  are hereby  incorporated  herein by reference such
that the foregoing  assignment  shall be subject to the terms and  conditions of
such Annex 1 of Exhibit E (Assignment and Assumption).

     2.02. BORROWINGS, CONVERSIONS AND CONTINUATIONS OF COMMITTED LOANS.

     (a) Each Committed  Borrowing,  each conversion of Committed Loans from one
Type to the other, and each  continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made
upon the Borrower's irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be
given by  telephone.  Each such notice  must be  received by the  Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three  Business  Days prior to the requested
date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans
or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Committed  Loans, and
(ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed  Loans.  Each
telephonic  notice by the  Borrower  pursuant to this  SECTION  2.02(A)  must be
confirmed  promptly  by  delivery  to  the  Administrative  Agent  of a  written
Committed  Loan  Notice,  appropriately  completed  and signed by a  Responsible
Officer of the Borrower.  Each Borrowing of,  conversion to or  continuation  of
Eurodollar  Rate Loans shall be in a principal  amount of  $2,000,000 or a whole
multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof.  Except as provided in SECTIONS  2.03(C)
and 2.04(C),  each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans shall
be in a principal  amount of $500,000 or a whole  multiple of $100,000 in excess
thereof.  Each  Committed  Loan Notice  (whether  telephonic  or written)  shall

                                      S-29
<PAGE>

specify  (i)  whether  the  Borrower is  requesting  a  Committed  Borrowing,  a
conversion of Committed  Loans from one Type to the other,  or a continuation of
Eurodollar Rate Loans,  (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing,  conversion or
continuation,  as the case may be (which  shall be a  Business  Day),  (iii) the
principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv)
the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing  Committed Loans
are to be converted, and (v) if applicable,  the duration of the Interest Period
with respect thereto.  If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan
in a Committed  Loan  Notice or if the  Borrower  fails to give a timely  notice
requesting a conversion or  continuation,  then the applicable  Committed  Loans
shall  be made as,  or  converted  to,  Base  Rate  Loans.  Any  such  automatic
conversion  to Base  Rate  Loans  shall be  effective  as of the last day of the
Interest  Period then in effect with respect to the applicable  Eurodollar  Rate
Loans. If the Borrower  requests a Borrowing of,  conversion to, or continuation
of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify
an Interest  Period,  it will be deemed to have specified an Interest  Period of
one month.

     (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative  Agent
shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable  Percentage of
the  applicable  Committed  Loans,  and if no timely  notice of a conversion  or
continuation is provided by the Borrower,  the Administrative Agent shall notify
each  Lender of the  details  of any  automatic  conversion  to Base Rate  Loans
described in the  preceding  subsection.  In the case of a Committed  Borrowing,
each  Lender  shall  make the  amount of its  Committed  Loan  available  to the
Administrative  Agent  in  immediately  available  funds  at the  Administrative
Agent's  Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the  Business  Day  specified in the
applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions
set  forth in  SECTION  4.02  (and,  if such  Borrowing  is the  initial  Credit
Extension,  SECTION  4.01),  the  Administrative  Agent  shall make all funds so
received   available   to  the  Borrower  in  like  funds  as  received  by  the
Administrative  Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the
books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire  transfer of
such  funds,  in each case in  accordance  with  instructions  provided  to (and
reasonably  acceptable to) the Administrative  Agent by the Borrower;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that if, on the date the  Committed  Loan Notice with  respect to such
Borrowing is given by the Borrower,  there are L/C Borrowings outstanding,  then
the proceeds of such Borrowing,  FIRST,  shall be applied to the payment in full
of any such L/C Borrowings,  and SECOND, shall be made available to the Borrower
as provided above.

     (c) Except as otherwise  provided  herein,  a  Eurodollar  Rate Loan may be
continued  or  converted  only on the last day of an  Interest  Period  for such
Eurodollar  Rate  Loan.  During  the  existence  of a  Default,  no Loans may be
requested  as,  converted to or continued as  Eurodollar  Rate Loans without the
consent of the Required Lenders.

     (d) The  Administrative  Agent shall  promptly  notify the Borrower and the
Lenders of the interest rate  applicable to any Interest  Period for  Eurodollar
Rate Loans upon  determination  of such interest  rate. At any time prior to the
date on which the Commitments have been  terminated,  the  Administrative  Agent
shall  notify the  Borrower  and the Lenders of any change in Bank of  America's
prime  rate used in  determining  the Base Rate  promptly  following  the public
announcement of such change.

                                      S-30
<PAGE>

     (e) After giving effect to all Committed  Borrowings,  all  conversions  of
Committed Loans from one Type to the other,  and all  continuations of Committed
Loans as the same Type,  there  shall not be more than ten  Interest  Periods in
effect with respect to Committed Loans.

     2.03. LETTERS OF CREDIT.

     (a) THE LETTER OF CREDIT COMMITMENT.

          (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,  (A) the L/C
     Issuer agrees,  in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in
     this  SECTION  2.03,  (1) from time to time on any  Business Day during the
     period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to
     issue   Letters  of  Credit  for  the  account  of  the   Borrower  or  its
     Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by
     it, in accordance  with  subsection  (b) below,  and (2) to honor  drawings
     under  the  Letters  of  Credit;  and (B) the  Lenders  severally  agree to
     participate  in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or
     its  Subsidiaries and any drawings  thereunder;  PROVIDED that after giving
     effect to any L/C Credit  Extension  with  respect to any Letter of Credit,
     (x) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments,  (y)
     the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, PLUS
     such Lender's  Applicable  Percentage of the Outstanding  Amount of all L/C
     Obligations,  PLUS such Lender's  Applicable  Percentage of the Outstanding
     Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such  Lender's  Commitment,
     and (z) the Outstanding  Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the
     Letter of Credit  Sublimit.  Subject to the other terms and  conditions set
     forth  herein,  the  Borrower  may request the  issuance of such Letters of
     Credit in an Optional Currency; PROVIDED, however, that, in addition to the
     other  conditions  to the  issuance  of Letters of Credit set forth in this
     SECTION  2.03(A)(I),  after  giving  effect  to such  request,  the  Dollar
     Equivalent of the Foreign LC Exposure  shall not exceed  $10,000,000 at any
     one time. Such Letters of Credit issued in an Optional  Currency  hereunder
     shall constitute  utilization of the Aggregate Commitments in the amount of
     the  Dollar  Equivalent  of such  Letter of  Credit.  Each  request  by the
     Borrower  for the  issuance  or  amendment  of a Letter of Credit  shall be
     deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension
     so requested  complies with the  conditions set forth in the proviso to the
     preceding  sentence.  Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms
     and conditions  hereof,  the Borrower's ability to obtain Letters of Credit
     shall be fully  revolving,  and  accordingly  the Borrower may,  during the
     foregoing  period,  obtain  Letters of Credit to replace  Letters of Credit
     that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing
     Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto,  and
     from and after the  Closing  Date shall be subject to and  governed  by the
     terms of and conditions hereof.

          (ii) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if:

               (A)  subject to  SECTION  2.03(B)(III),  the expiry  date of such
          requested  Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve  months after
          the date of issuance or last  extension,  unless the Required  Lenders
          have approved such expiry date; or

                                      S-31
<PAGE>

               (B) the  expiry  date of such  requested  Letter of Credit  would
          occur  after the  Letter of Credit  Expiration  Date,  unless  all the
          Lenders have approved such expiry date.

          (iii) The L/C Issuer  shall not be under any  obligation  to issue any
     Letter of Credit if:

               (A) any order,  judgment or decree of any Governmental  Authority
          or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C
          Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit,  or any Law  applicable  to
          the L/C Issuer or any request or directive  (whether or not having the
          force of law) from any Governmental  Authority with  jurisdiction over
          the L/C Issuer shall prohibit,  or request that the L/C Issuer refrain
          from,  the  issuance of letters of credit  generally or such Letter of
          Credit in  particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect
          to  such  Letter  of  Credit  any  restriction,   reserve  or  capital
          requirement  (for  which the L/C Issuer is not  otherwise  compensated
          hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the
          L/C  Issuer  any  unreimbursed  loss,  cost or  expense  which was not
          applicable  on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith
          deems material to it;

               (B) the  issuance of such Letter of Credit  would  violate one or
          more  policies  of the L/C  Issuer  applicable  to  letters  of credit
          generally;

               (C) such  Letter  of Credit is to be  denominated  in a  currency
          other than Dollars or an Optional Currency;

               (D) such Letter of Credit  contains any  provisions for automatic
          reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or

               (E) a default of any Lender's  obligations  to fund under SECTION
          2.03(C)  exists  or any  Lender is at such  time a  Defaulting  Lender
          hereunder,  unless  the  L/C  Issuer  has  entered  into  satisfactory
          arrangements  with the  Borrower or such Lender to  eliminate  the L/C
          Issuer's risk with respect to such Lender.

          (iv) The L/C  Issuer  shall not amend any  Letter of Credit if the L/C
     Issuer  would not be  permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit
     in its amended form under the terms hereof.

          (v) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of
     Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue
     such Letter of Credit in its amended  form under the terms  hereof,  or (B)
     the  beneficiary  of such  Letter of Credit  does not accept  the  proposed
     amendment to such Letter of Credit.

          (vi) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to
     any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated  therewith,
     and the L/C  Issuer  shall  have all of the  benefits  and  immunities  (A)
     provided to the Administrative Agent in ARTICLE IX with respect to any acts
     taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of

                                      S-32
<PAGE>

     Credit  issued by it or  proposed  to be issued by it and Issuer  Documents
     pertaining   to  such   Letters   of   Credit  as  fully  as  if  the  term
     "Administrative  Agent" as used in ARTICLE IX included  the L/C Issuer with
     respect to such acts or omissions,  and (B) as additionally provided herein
     with respect to the L/C Issuer.

     (b)   Procedures   for  Issuance  and   Amendment  of  Letters  of  Credit;
Auto-Extension Letters of Credit.

          (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended,  as the case may
     be, upon the request of the  Borrower  delivered  to the L/C Issuer (with a
     copy to the  Administrative  Agent)  in the  form  of a  Letter  of  Credit
     Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of
     the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C
     Issuer and the Administrative  Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two
     Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative  Agent and
     the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion)
     prior to the proposed  issuance date or date of amendment,  as the case may
     be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit,
     such  Letter  of  Credit  Application  shall  specify  in form  and  detail
     satisfactory  to the L/C  Issuer:  (A) the  proposed  issuance  date of the
     requested  Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount
     thereof;  (C) the  expiry  date  thereof;  (D) the name and  address of the
     beneficiary  thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary
     in case of any drawing thereunder;  (F) the full text of any certificate to
     be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (G)
     such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require.  In the case of a request
     for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit
     Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer
     (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended;  (B) the proposed date of amendment
     thereof  (which  shall be a Business  Day);  (C) the nature of the proposed
     amendment;  and (D) such  other  matters  as the L/C  Issuer  may  require.
     Additionally,  the  Borrower  shall  furnish  to the  L/C  Issuer  and  the
     Administrative  Agent such other  documents and  information  pertaining to
     such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer
     Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require.

          (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit  Application,  the
     L/C Issuer will confirm with the  Administrative  Agent (by telephone or in
     writing) that the  Administrative  Agent has received a copy of such Letter
     of Credit  Application  from the Borrower  and, if not, the L/C Issuer will
     provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer
     has received written notice from any Lender,  the  Administrative  Agent or
     any Loan Party,  at least one Business Day prior to the  requested  date of
     issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit,  that one or more
     applicable  conditions contained in ARTICLE IV shall not then be satisfied,
     then,  subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on
     the  requested  date,  issue a Letter  of  Credit  for the  account  of the
     Borrower  (or the  applicable  Subsidiary)  or enter  into  the  applicable
     amendment,  as the case may be,  in each  case in  accordance  with the L/C
     Issuer's  usual and  customary  business  practices.  Immediately  upon the
     issuance  of each  Letter of Credit,  each  Lender  shall be deemed to, and
     hereby  irrevocably  and  unconditionally  agrees to, purchase from the L/C

                                      S-33
<PAGE>

     Issuer a risk  participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to
     the product of such Lender's Applicable Percentage TIMES the amount of such
     Letter of Credit.

          (iii) If the Borrower so requests in any  applicable  Letter of Credit
     Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree
     to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension  provisions (each,
     an   "AUTO-EXTENSION   LETTER   OF   CREDIT");   PROVIDED   that  any  such
     Auto-Extension  Letter of Credit  must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any
     such extension at least once in each twelve-month  period  (commencing with
     the date of  issuance of such  Letter of Credit) by giving  30-days'  prior
     notice to the beneficiary thereof (the "NON-EXTENSION NOTICE DATE"). Unless
     otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to
     make a specific  request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension.  Once an
     Auto-Extension  Letter of Credit  has been  issued,  the  Lenders  shall be
     deemed to have  authorized  (but may not  require) the L/C Issuer to permit
     the  extension  of such  Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not
     later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that
     the L/C Issuer  shall not permit any such  extension  if (A) the L/C Issuer
     has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation,
     at such  time to issue  such  Letter  of  Credit  in its  revised  form (as
     extended)  under the terms  hereof (by reason of the  provisions  of clause
     (ii) or (iii) of SECTION  2.03(A)  or  otherwise),  or (B) it has  received
     notice  (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that
     is five  Business  Days before the  Non-Extension  Notice Date (1) from the
     Administrative  Agent that the Required  Lenders have elected not to permit
     such  extension  or (2) from the  Administrative  Agent,  any Lender or the
     Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in SECTION
     4.02 is not then satisfied,  and in each such case directing the L/C Issuer
     not to permit such extension.

          (iv)  Promptly  after  its  delivery  of any  Letter  of Credit or any
     amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or
     to the  beneficiary  thereof,  the L/C  Issuer  will  also  deliver  to the
     Borrower  and the  Administrative  Agent a true and  complete  copy of such
     Letter of Credit or amendment.

     (c) DRAWINGS AND REIMBURSEMENTS; FUNDING OF PARTICIPATIONS.

          (i) Upon receipt from the  beneficiary  of any Letter of Credit of any
     notice of a drawing  under  such  Letter of Credit,  the L/C  Issuer  shall
     notify the Borrower and the  Administrative  Agent thereof.  Not later than
     11:00 a.m. on the date of any  payment by the L/C Issuer  under a Letter of
     Credit (each such date, an "HONOR DATE"),  the Borrower shall reimburse the
     L/C Issuer through the  Administrative  Agent in Dollars in an amount equal
     to the Dollar Equivalent  amount of such drawing.  If the Borrower fails to
     so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such time,  the  Administrative  Agent shall
     promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the Dollar Equivalent amount
     of the unreimbursed drawing (the "UNREIMBURSED  AMOUNT"), and the amount of
     such Lender's  Applicable  Percentage  thereof. In such event, the Borrower
     shall be deemed to have requested a Committed  Borrowing of Base Rate Loans
     to be disbursed  on the Honor Date in an amount  equal to the  Unreimbursed
     Amount,  without  regard to the minimum and multiples  specified in SECTION
     2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount

                                      S-34
<PAGE>

     of the unutilized  portion of the Aggregate  Commitments and the conditions
     set forth in SECTION  4.02  (other than the  delivery  of a Committed  Loan
     Notice).  Any notice  given by the L/C Issuer or the  Administrative  Agent
     pursuant  to  this  SECTION   2.03(c)(i)  may  be  given  by  telephone  if
     immediately  confirmed  in  writing;  PROVIDED  that  the  lack  of such an
     immediate  confirmation  shall not  affect  the  conclusiveness  or binding
     effect of such notice.

          (ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to SECTION  2.03(C)(I)
     make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C
     Issuer at the  Administrative  Agent's  Office  in an  amount  equal to its
     Applicable  Percentage of the Unreimbursed  Amount not later than 1:00 p.m.
     on the Business Day specified in such notice by the  Administrative  Agent,
     whereupon,  subject to the provisions of SECTION 2.03(C)(III),  each Lender
     that so makes  funds  available  shall be  deemed  to have made a Base Rate
     Committed  Loan to the Borrower in such amount.  The  Administrative  Agent
     shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer.

          (iii)  With  respect  to any  Unreimbursed  Amount  that is not  fully
     refinanced  by a  Committed  Borrowing  of  Base  Rate  Loans  because  the
     conditions  set forth in SECTION  4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other
     reason,  the Borrower  shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer
     an L/C  Borrowing in the amount of the  Unreimbursed  Amount that is not so
     refinanced,  which  L/C  Borrowing  shall  be due  and  payable  on  demand
     (together  with  interest)  and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In
     such  event,  each  Lender's  payment to the  Administrative  Agent for the
     account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to SECTION  2.03(C)(II)  shall be deemed
     payment in respect of its  participation  in such L/C  Borrowing  and shall
     constitute  an  L/C  Advance  from  such  Lender  in  satisfaction  of  its
     participation obligation under this SECTION 2.03.

          (iv)  Until  each  Lender  funds  its  Committed  Loan or L/C  Advance
     pursuant to this SECTION 2.03(C) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount
     drawn  under any Letter of  Credit,  interest  in respect of such  Lender's
     Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the
     L/C Issuer.

          (v) Each Lender's  obligation to make Committed  Loans or L/C Advances
     to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts  drawn under Letters of Credit,  as
     contemplated by this SECTION 2.03(C),  shall be absolute and  unconditional
     and shall not be affected by any  circumstance,  including  (A) any setoff,
     counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have
     against the L/C  Issuer,  the  Borrower or any other  Person for any reason
     whatsoever;  (B) the  occurrence or  continuance  of a Default,  or (C) any
     other occurrence,  event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the
     foregoing;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that  each  Lender's  obligation  to  make
     Committed  Loans  pursuant  to  this  SECTION  2.03(C)  is  subject  to the
     conditions  set forth in SECTION 4.02 (other than  delivery by the Borrower
     of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve
     or otherwise  impair the  obligation  of the Borrower to reimburse  the L/C
     Issuer  for the  amount of any  payment  made by the L/C  Issuer  under any
     Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.

                                      S-35
<PAGE>

          (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent
     for the  account of the L/C Issuer any amount  required  to be paid by such
     Lender pursuant to the foregoing  provisions of this SECTION 2.03(C) by the
     time specified in SECTION 2.03(C)(II),  the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to
     recover from such Lender  (acting  through the  Administrative  Agent),  on
     demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such
     payment  is  required  to the date on which  such  payment  is  immediately
     available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the
     Federal  Funds Rate and a rate  determined  by the L/C Issuer in accordance
     with  banking   industry   rules  on  interbank   compensation,   plus  any
     administrative,  processing or similar fees customarily  charged by the L/C
     Issuer in connection  with the  foregoing.  If such Lender pays such amount
     (with interest and fees as aforesaid),  the amount so paid shall constitute
     such Lender's Committed Loan included in the relevant  Committed  Borrowing
     or L/C Advance in respect of the  relevant L/C  Borrowing,  as the case may
     be. A certificate  of the L/C Issuer  submitted to any Lender  (through the
     Administrative  Agent) with respect to any amounts  owing under this clause
     (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

     (d) REPAYMENT OF PARTICIPATIONS.

          (i) At any time  after the L/C  Issuer  has made a  payment  under any
     Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender's L/C Advance
     in respect of such  payment in  accordance  with  SECTION  2.03(C),  if the
     Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment
     in respect of the related  Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether
     directly  from  the  Borrower  or  otherwise,  including  proceeds  of Cash
     Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative
     Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable  Percentage  thereof in
     the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent.

          (ii) If any  payment  received  by the  Administrative  Agent  for the
     account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to SECTION  2.03(C)(I) is required to be
     returned  under  any  of  the  circumstances  described  in  SECTION  10.05
     (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its
     discretion),  each  Lender  shall pay to the  Administrative  Agent for the
     account of the L/C Issuer its  Applicable  Percentage  thereof on demand of
     the  Administrative  Agent,  plus  interest  thereon  from the date of such
     demand to the date such amount is returned  by such  Lender,  at a rate per
     annum  equal to the  Federal  Funds Rate from time to time in  effect.  The
     obligations  of the Lenders  under this clause shall survive the payment in
     full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

     (e) OBLIGATIONS  ABSOLUTE.  The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the
L/C Issuer for each  drawing  under each  Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C
Borrowing shall be absolute,  unconditional  and irrevocable,  and shall be paid
strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances,
including the following:

          (i) any lack of validity or  enforceability  of such Letter of Credit,
     this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;

          (ii) the  existence  of any claim,  counterclaim,  setoff,  defense or
     other  right  that  the  Borrower  or any  Subsidiary  may have at any time
     against any  beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any

                                      S-36
<PAGE>

     Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting),
     the L/C  Issuer  or any  other  Person,  whether  in  connection  with this
     Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit
     or  any  agreement  or  instrument   relating  thereto,  or  any  unrelated
     transaction;

          (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under
     such  Letter  of  Credit  proving  to be  forged,  fraudulent,  invalid  or
     insufficient  in any  respect  or any  statement  therein  being  untrue or
     inaccurate  in any  respect;  or any loss or delay in the  transmission  or
     otherwise  of any document  required in order to make a drawing  under such
     Letter of Credit;

          (iv) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against
     presentation  of a draft or certificate  that does not strictly comply with
     the terms of such  Letter of Credit so long as the L/C Issuer has not acted
     with gross negligence or willful misconduct; or any payment made by the L/C
     Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee
     in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors,
     liquidator,  receiver  or  other  representative  of or  successor  to  any
     beneficiary  or any  transferee  of such  Letter of Credit,  including  any
     arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or

          (v) any other  circumstance  or happening  whatsoever,  whether or not
     similar to any of the  foregoing,  including  any other  circumstance  that
     might otherwise  constitute a defense  available to, or a discharge of, the
     Borrower or any Subsidiary.

     The  Borrower  shall  promptly  examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and
each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of
noncompliance  with  the  Borrower's  instructions  or other  irregularity,  the
Borrower will promptly notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively
deemed  to  have  waived  any  such  claim   against  the  L/C  Issuer  and  its
correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid.

     (f) ROLE OF L/C ISSUER.  Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying
any  drawing  under a  Letter  of  Credit,  the L/C  Issuer  shall  not have any
responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft,  certificates
and  documents  expressly  required by the Letter of Credit) or to  ascertain or
inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such  document or the authority of
the Person  executing or delivering any such  document.  None of the L/C Issuer,
the  Administrative  Agent,  any of their  respective  Related  Parties  nor any
correspondent,  participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any
Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request
or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii)
any  action  taken or  omitted in the  absence  of gross  negligence  or willful
misconduct;   or  (iii)   the  due   execution,   effectiveness,   validity   or
enforceability of any document or instrument  related to any Letter of Credit or
Issuer Document.  The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions
of any  beneficiary  or  transferee  with  respect  to its use of any  Letter of
Credit;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that this assumption is not intended to, and shall
not,  preclude the  Borrower's  pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have
against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement.  None
of the L/C Issuer,  the  Administrative  Agent, any of their respective  Related
Parties nor any  correspondent,  participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall
be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through

                                      S-37
<PAGE>

(v) of SECTION 2.03(E); PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that anything in such clauses to the
contrary notwithstanding,  the Borrower may have a claim against the L/C Issuer,
and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the
extent,  of any  direct,  as  opposed to  consequential  or  exemplary,  damages
suffered  by the  Borrower  which the  Borrower  proves  were  caused by the L/C
Issuer's  willful  misconduct or gross  negligence  or the L/C Issuer's  willful
failure to pay under any Letter of Credit  after the  presentation  to it by the
beneficiary  of a sight draft and  certificate(s)  strictly  complying  with the
terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation
of the foregoing,  the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face
to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation,  regardless of
any  notice or  information  to the  contrary,  and,  in the  absence of the L/C
Issuer's  gross  negligence or willful  misconduct,  the L/C Issuer shall not be
responsible  for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument  transferring  or
assigning or  purporting  to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights
or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove
to be invalid or ineffective for any reason.

     (g) CASH COLLATERAL.  Upon the request of the Administrative  Agent, (i) if
the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial  drawing request under any Letter
of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C  Borrowing,  or (ii) if, as of
the Letter of Credit  Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains
outstanding,  the Borrower shall, in each case,  immediately Cash  Collateralize
the then Outstanding  Amount of all L/C  Obligations.  SECTIONS 2.05 and 8.02(C)
set forth certain additional  requirements to deliver Cash Collateral hereunder.
For  purposes of this SECTION  2.03,  SECTION  2.05 and SECTION  8.02(C),  "CASH
COLLATERALIZE" means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative
Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders,  as collateral for the
L/C Obligations,  cash or deposit account balances  pursuant to documentation in
form and substance  satisfactory to the Administrative  Agent and the L/C Issuer
(which  documents are hereby  consented to by the Lenders).  Derivatives of such
term  have   corresponding   meanings.   The  Borrower   hereby  grants  to  the
Administrative  Agent,  for the  benefit of the L/C Issuer  and the  Lenders,  a
security  interest in all such cash,  deposit  accounts and all balances therein
and all  proceeds of the  foregoing.  Cash  Collateral  shall be  maintained  in
blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America.

     (h) APPLICABILITY OF ISP AND UCP. Unless otherwise  expressly agreed by the
L/C Issuer and the  Borrower  when a Letter of Credit is issued  (including  any
such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the
ISP shall  apply to each  standby  Letter of  Credit,  and (ii) the rules of the
Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published
by the International  Chamber of Commerce at the time of issuance shall apply to
each commercial Letter of Credit.

     (i) LETTER OF CREDIT  FEES.  The Borrower  shall pay to the  Administrative
Agent  for  the  account  of each  Lender  in  accordance  with  its  Applicable
Percentage  a Letter of Credit fee (the  "LETTER OF CREDIT FEE") for each Letter
of Credit equal to the  Applicable  Rate TIMES the daily amount  available to be
drawn under such Letter of Credit.  For purposes of  computing  the daily amount
available  to be drawn under any Letter of Credit,  the amount of such Letter of
Credit shall be  determined in  accordance  with SECTION 1.06.  Letter of Credit
Fees shall be (i) due and payable in Dollars on the fifth  Business  Day of each
of March, June,  September and December,  commencing with the first such date to
occur  after the  issuance  of such  Letter of  Credit,  on the Letter of Credit

                                      S-38
<PAGE>

Expiration  Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis
in arrears.  If there is any change in the  Applicable  Rate during any quarter,
the daily  amount  available  to be drawn under each  Letter of Credit  shall be
computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during
such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect.  Notwithstanding  anything
to the contrary  contained  herein,  upon the request of the  Required  Lenders,
while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the
Default Rate.

     (j) FRONTING FEE AND  DOCUMENTARY  AND  PROCESSING  CHARGES  PAYABLE TO L/C
ISSUER.  The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a
fronting  fee with  respect  to each  Letter  of  Credit,  at the rate per annum
specified in the Fee Letter,  computed on the daily amount available to be drawn
under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly  basis in arrears.  Such fronting fee
shall be due and payable on the tenth  Business Day after the end of each March,
June,  September  and December in respect of the most  recently-ended  quarterly
period (or portion thereof,  in the case of the first payment),  commencing with
the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the
Letter of Credit  Expiration  Date and  thereafter  on demand.  For  purposes of
computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the
amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined  in accordance  with SECTION
1.06. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own
account the customary  issuance,  presentation,  amendment and other  processing
fees,  and other  standard  costs and  charges,  of the L/C Issuer  relating  to
letters  of credit  as from  time to time in  effect.  Such  customary  fees and
standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.

     (k) CONFLICT WITH ISSUER  DOCUMENTS.  In the event of any conflict  between
the terms  hereof and the terms of any Issuer  Document,  the terms hereof shall
control.

     (l)  LETTERS OF CREDIT  ISSUED  FOR  SUBSIDIARIES.  Notwithstanding  that a
Letter  of  Credit  issued  or  outstanding  hereunder  is  in  support  of  any
obligations  of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary,  the Borrower  shall be
obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer  hereunder for any and all drawings  under
such Letter of Credit.  The Borrower  hereby  acknowledges  that the issuance of
Letters of Credit for the account of  Subsidiaries  inures to the benefit of the
Borrower, and that the Borrower's business derives substantial benefits from the
businesses of such Subsidiaries.

     2.04. SWING LINE LOANS.

     (a) THE SWING LINE.  Subject to the terms and  conditions set forth herein,
the Swing Line Lender  agrees,  in  reliance  upon the  agreements  of the other
Lenders set forth in this SECTION  2.04, to make loans (each such loan, a "SWING
LINE LOAN") to the  Borrower  from time to time on any  Business  Day during the
Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding
the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit,  notwithstanding the fact that such Swing
Line Loans,  when aggregated  with the Applicable  Percentage of the Outstanding
Amount of Committed Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line
Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender's  Commitment;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,
that after  giving  effect to any Swing Line  Loan,  (i) the Total  Outstandings
shall not exceed the Aggregate  Commitments,  and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding
Amount of the  Committed  Loans of any  Lender,  PLUS such  Lender's  Applicable
Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations,  PLUS such Lender's

                                      S-39
<PAGE>

Applicable  Percentage of the  Outstanding  Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall
not exceed such Lender's Commitment,  and PROVIDED,  FURTHER,  that the Borrower
shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance  any  outstanding
Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and
conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this SECTION 2.04, prepay under
SECTION 2.05, and reborrow  under this SECTION 2.04.  Each Swing Line Loan shall
be a Base Rate Loan.  Immediately  upon the  making of a Swing  Line Loan,  each
Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to,
purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan
in an amount equal to the product of such Lender's  Applicable  Percentage TIMES
the amount of such Swing Line Loan.

     (b) BORROWING PROCEDURES.  Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the
Borrower's  irrevocable  notice to the Swing Line Lender and,  provided that the
Swing  Line  Lender is not the same  entity  as the  Administrative  Agent,  the
Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone.  Each such notice must be
received  by the Swing Line Lender and the  Administrative  Agent not later than
1:00 p.m. on the requested  borrowing  date, and shall specify (i) the amount to
be  borrowed,  which  shall be a minimum  of  $100,000,  and (ii) the  requested
borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic  notice must
be   confirmed   promptly   by  delivery  to  the  Swing  Line  Lender  and  the
Administrative  Agent  of  a  written  Swing  Line  Loan  Notice,  appropriately
completed and signed by a Responsible  Officer of the Borrower.  Promptly  after
receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic  Swing Line Loan Notice,  the
Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in
writing)  that the  Administrative  Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan
Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the  Administrative  Agent
(by  telephone  or in writing) of the  contents  thereof.  Unless the Swing Line
Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the  Administrative
Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of
the proposed  Swing Line  Borrowing  (A)  directing the Swing Line Lender not to
make  such  Swing  Line  Loan as a result  of the  limitations  set forth in the
proviso to the first sentence of SECTION 2.04(A), or (B) that one or more of the
applicable  conditions  specified  in  ARTICLE IV is not then  satisfied,  then,
subject to the terms and  conditions  hereof,  the Swing Line Lender  will,  not
later than 3:00 p.m. on the  borrowing  date  specified  in such Swing Line Loan
Notice,  make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower at its
office by  crediting  the account of the Borrower on the books of the Swing Line
Lender in immediately available funds.

     (c) REFINANCING OF SWING LINE LOANS.

          (i) The  Swing  Line  Lender  at any  time in its  sole  and  absolute
     discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably
     authorizes  the Swing Line Lender to so request on its  behalf),  that each
     Lender make a Base Rate  Committed Loan in an amount equal to such Lender's
     Applicable  Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then  outstanding.
     Such  request  shall be made in writing  (which  written  request  shall be
     deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance
     with the  requirements  of SECTION 2.02,  without regard to the minimum and
     multiples  specified  therein for the principal  amount of Base Rate Loans,
     but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate  Commitments and the
     conditions  set forth in SECTION 4.02.  The Swing Line Lender shall furnish
     the Borrower with a copy of the applicable  Committed Loan Notice  promptly

                                      S-40
<PAGE>

     after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall
     make an amount equal to its Applicable  Percentage of the amount  specified
     in such  Committed  Loan Notice  available to the  Administrative  Agent in
     immediately available funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the
     Administrative Agent's Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified
     in such Committed Loan Notice,  whereupon,  subject to SECTION 2.04(C)(II),
     each Lender that so makes  funds  available  shall be deemed to have made a
     Base Rate Committed Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative
     Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender.

          (ii) If for any  reason any Swing Line Loan  cannot be  refinanced  by
     such a Committed  Borrowing  in  accordance  with SECTION  2.04(C)(I),  the
     request for Base Rate Committed Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as
     set forth  herein  shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender
     that each of the Lenders fund its risk  participation in the relevant Swing
     Line Loan and each  Lender's  payment to the  Administrative  Agent for the
     account of the Swing Line Lender  pursuant to SECTION  2.04(C)(I)  shall be
     deemed payment in respect of such participation.

          (iii) If any  Lender  fails to make  available  to the  Administrative
     Agent for the  account of the Swing Line  Lender any amount  required to be
     paid by such Lender  pursuant to the  foregoing  provisions of this SECTION
     2.04(C) by the time specified in SECTION 2.04(C)(I),  the Swing Line Lender
     shall  be  entitled  to  recover  from  such  Lender  (acting  through  the
     Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the
     period  from the date such  payment is  required  to the date on which such
     payment is  immediately  available  to the Swing Line  Lender at a rate per
     annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate  determined
     by the Swing Line  Lender in  accordance  with  banking  industry  rules on
     interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees
     customarily  charged  by the  Swing  Line  Lender  in  connection  with the
     foregoing.  If such  Lender  pays such amount  (with  interest  and fees as
     aforesaid),  the amount so paid shall  constitute  such Lender's  Committed
     Loan included in the relevant Committed  Borrowing or funded  participation
     in the relevant  Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate  of the
     Swing Line  Lender  submitted  to any Lender  (through  the  Administrative
     Agent) with  respect to any amounts  owing under this clause (iii) shall be
     conclusive absent manifest error.

          (iv) Each Lender's  obligation to make Committed  Loans or to purchase
     and fund risk  participations  in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this SECTION
     2.04(C)  shall be absolute and  unconditional  and shall not be affected by
     any  circumstance,  including  (A) any  setoff,  counterclaim,  recoupment,
     defense or other right  which such  Lender may have  against the Swing Line
     Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the
     occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence,  event
     or  condition,  whether or not similar to any of the  foregoing;  PROVIDED,
     HOWEVER,  that each Lender's obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to
     this  SECTION  2.04(C) is subject  to the  conditions  set forth in SECTION
     4.02.  No such funding of risk  participations  shall  relieve or otherwise
     impair the  obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans,  together
     with interest as provided herein.

                                      S-41
<PAGE>

     (d) REPAYMENT OF PARTICIPATIONS.

          (i) At any time  after any  Lender  has  purchased  and  funded a risk
     participation  in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender  receives any
     payment on account of such  Swing  Line Loan,  the Swing Line  Lender  will
     distribute  to such Lender its  Applicable  Percentage  thereof in the same
     funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender.

          (ii) If any  payment  received  by the Swing Line Lender in respect of
     principal  or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by
     the Swing Line Lender under any of the  circumstances  described in SECTION
     10.05 (including  pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line
     Lender in its  discretion),  each Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender
     its Applicable  Percentage thereof on demand of the  Administrative  Agent,
     plus interest  thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount
     is  returned,  at a rate per annum  equal to the Federal  Funds  Rate.  The
     Administrative  Agent will make such  demand  upon the request of the Swing
     Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive
     the  payment  in  full  of the  Obligations  and  the  termination  of this
     Agreement.

     (e) INTEREST FOR ACCOUNT OF SWING LINE LENDER.  The Swing Line Lender shall
be responsible  for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans.
Until  each  Lender  funds its Base Rate  Committed  Loan or risk  participation
pursuant to this SECTION 2.04 to refinance such Lender's  Applicable  Percentage
of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable  Percentage shall
be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender.

     (f)  PAYMENTS  DIRECTLY TO SWING LINE LENDER.  The Borrower  shall make all
payments of principal  and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans  directly
to the Swing Line Lender.

     2.05. PREPAYMENTS.

     (a) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative  Agent, at any time
or from  time to time  voluntarily  prepay  Committed  Loans in whole or in part
without  premium or penalty;  PROVIDED  that (i) such notice must be received by
the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) three Business Days prior
to any  date of  prepayment  of  Eurodollar  Rate  Loans  and (B) on the date of
prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans;  (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate
Loans  shall be in a  principal  amount of  $2,000,000  or a whole  multiple  of
$500,000 in excess  thereof;  and (iii) any  prepayment  of Base Rate  Committed
Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000
in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof
then  outstanding.  Each such notice  shall  specify the date and amount of such
prepayment  and the Type(s) of Committed  Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurodollar
Rate  Loans  are to be  prepaid,  the  Interest  Period(s)  of such  Loans.  The
Administrative  Agent will  promptly  notify  each Lender of its receipt of each
such notice,  and of the amount of such Lender's  Applicable  Percentage of such
prepayment.  If such notice is given by the  Borrower,  the Borrower  shall make
such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and
payable on the date specified therein.  Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan
shall be accompanied  by all accrued  interest on the amount  prepaid,  together
with any  additional  amounts  required  pursuant  to  SECTION  3.05.  Each such

                                      S-42
<PAGE>

prepayment  shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance
with their respective Applicable Percentages.

     (b) The Borrower  may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to
the Administrative  Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay
Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without  premium or penalty;  PROVIDED that
(i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative
Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment,  and (ii) any such
prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $100,000.  Each such notice
shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by
the Borrower,  the Borrower  shall make such  prepayment  and the payment amount
specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.

     (c) If for any  reason  the  Total  Outstandings  at any  time  exceed  the
Aggregate  Commitments then in effect,  the Borrower shall promptly prepay Loans
and/or Cash  Collateralize  the L/C Obligations in an aggregate  amount equal to
such excess; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash
Collateralize the L/C Obligations  pursuant to this SECTION 2.05(C) unless after
the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings  exceed the Aggregate
Commitments then in effect.

     2.06.  TERMINATION OR REDUCTION OF COMMITMENTS.  (a) The Borrower may, upon
notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, or from
time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any
such notice shall be received by the  Administrative  Agent not later than 11:00
a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction,  (ii) any
such partial  reduction  shall be in an aggregate  amount of  $5,000,000  or any
whole  multiple of $1,000,000 in excess  thereof,  (iii) the Borrower  shall not
terminate or reduce the Aggregate  Commitments  if, after giving effect  thereto
and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed
the Aggregate Commitments,  and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of
the  Aggregate  Commitments,  the  Letter of Credit  Sublimit  or the Swing Line
Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Sublimit shall be
automatically  reduced by the amount of such excess.  The  Administrative  Agent
will promptly  notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction
of the Aggregate  Commitments.  Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall
be  applied  to the  Commitment  of  each  Lender  according  to its  Applicable
Percentage.  All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the
Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

     (b)  DISPOSITIONS.  If the Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any Disposition
other than  Dispositions  permitted by SECTION 7.05 the Loan shall be repaid and
the  Aggregate  Commitments  reduced  in the  amount  of the Net  Cash  Proceeds
(determined  as of the date of such  Disposition,  whether  or not such Net Cash
Proceeds  are then  received  by the  Borrower  or such  Subsidiary)  from  such
Disposition.  Nothing in this SECTION 2.06(B) shall permit any Disposition  that
is not permitted by SECTION 7.05.

     (c)  EXTRAORDINARY  RECEIPTS.  Upon the receipt by any Loan Party or any of
its Subsidiaries of any  Extraordinary  Receipts,  the Loans shall be repaid and
Aggregate  Commitments  shall  be  reduced  by an  amount  equal to 100% of such
Extraordinary  Receipts,  net of any actual expenses incurred in collecting such
Extraordinary  Receipts;  PROVIDED,  that  in the  case  of  insurance  proceeds

                                      S-43
<PAGE>

received in connection  with a Casualty Event with respect to Property having an
aggregate market value less than $1,500,000 (or such larger amount approved,  in
writing,  by the  Administrative  Agent), so long as, at the time of receipt and
use of such insurance  proceeds,  no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing,  the Loan Parties shall be entitled to use such  insurance  proceeds
(in an amount not in excess of $1,500,000  (or such larger amount  approved,  in
writing,  by the  Administrative  Agent))  to repair  or  replace  the  Property
affected by such Casualty Event, PROVIDED, further, that (A) until so used, such
insurance  proceeds  shall  be,  if so  directed  by the  Administrative  Agent,
deposited into a cash  collateral  account (and when so deposited such insurance
proceeds shall constitute  Collateral for the Obligations  then  outstanding) or
applied to repay the Loans,  (B) such  insurance  proceeds may be used solely to
repair or replace the Property that was the subject of such Casualty  Event with
other  Property of the same type unless  otherwise  agreed,  in writing,  by the
Administrative Agent, (C) such insurance proceeds must be used and such Property
must be repaired or replaced  within 180 days after the date of receipt  thereof
unless otherwise agreed, in writing,  by the Administrative  Agent, and (D) upon
the occurrence  and during the  continuance of an Event of Default or after such
180  day  period  or  any  extension  thereof  approved,   in  writing,  by  the
Administrative  Agent shall have expired,  such  insurance  proceeds,  if not so
used,  shall be applied to the prepayment of Loans and cover for L/C Obligations
as provided in this subsection 2.06(c).

     (d)  ADDITIONAL  INDEBTEDNESS.  If the  Borrower or any  Subsidiary  incurs
Indebtedness,  other than Additional Subordinated  Indebtedness and Indebtedness
permitted to be incurred  pursuant to SECTION 7.03 (other than SECTION 7.03(K)),
the Loans shall be repaid and the  Aggregate  Commitments  shall be  permanently
reduced  by the  amount of the Net Cash  Proceeds  from the  incurrence  of such
Indebtedness. Nothing in this SECTION 2.06(D) shall permit the incurrence of any
Indebtedness that is not permitted by SECTION 7.03.

     (e)  ISSUANCE OF  ADDITIONAL  EQUITY  INTERESTS.  Upon the  issuance by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary of any  additional  Equity  Interests,  if the Senior
Leverage Ratio as of the fiscal quarter most recently then ended,  calculated on
a pro forma basis after giving effect to such equity issuance is greater than or
equal to 4.0 to 1, the Loans shall be repaid and the Aggregate Commitments shall
be  reduced  by an  amount  equal  to 50% of the Net  Cash  Proceeds  from  such
issuance.

     2.07. REPAYMENT OF LOANS.

     (a) The  Borrower  shall  repay to the  Lenders  on the  Maturity  Date the
aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans outstanding on such date.

     (b) The  Borrower  shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur
of (i) the date ten Business  Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity
Date.

     (c) CURRENCY MATTERS.

          (i) Dollars are the currency of account and payment for each and every
     sum at any time due from the Loan  Parties  hereunder.  No  payment  to the
     Administrative  Agent,  any  Lender or the L/C  Issuer  (whether  under any
     judgment or court order or otherwise)  shall  discharge  the  obligation or

                                      S-44
<PAGE>

     liability   in  respect  of  which  it  was  made   unless  and  until  the
     Administrative  Agent or such Lender shall have received payment in full of
     the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such obligation or liability, and to
     the extent that the amount of any such payment shall, on actual  conversion
     into  Dollars,  fall  short  of such  obligation  or  liability  actual  or
     contingent  expressed in Dollars,  the Borrower  shall  indemnify  and hold
     harmless the  Administrative  Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender,  as the
     case may be, with respect to the amount of the shortfall.

          (ii)  Not  later  than  1:00  p.m.  on the last  Business  Day of each
     calendar  month  (the  "CALCULATION  DATE")  or  such  other  date  as  the
     Administrative  Agent may from  time to time  specify,  the  Administrative
     Agent shall  determine the Dollar  Equivalent of the L/C  Obligations as of
     such date. The Dollar  Equivalent so determined  shall become  effective on
     the first Business Day immediately  following such  determination (a "RESET
     DATE") and shall remain effective until the next succeeding Reset Date.

          (iii) If, on any Reset Date,  the Dollar  Equivalent  of the aggregate
     outstanding  amount  of all  Loans  and the  L/C  Obligations  exceeds  the
     Aggregate Commitments, then the Borrower shall repay or prepay the Loans in
     accordance with this Agreement in an aggregate  principal amount such that,
     after giving effect thereto, the aggregate outstanding amount (expressed in
     Dollars)  of all  Loans  PLUS the L/C  Obligations  no longer  exceeds  the
     Aggregate Commitments.

          (iv) If on any Reset  Date,  the Dollar  Equivalent  of the Foreign LC
     Exposure  exceeds  $10,000,000,  then the Borrower shall  immediately  upon
     demand provide cash collateral to the Administrative Agent in the amount of
     such excess.

     2.08. INTEREST.

     (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below,  (i) each Eurodollar
Rate Loan shall bear interest on the  outstanding  principal  amount thereof for
each Interest  Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar  Rate for such
Interest  Period PLUS the  Applicable  Rate;  (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan
shall  bear  interest  on the  outstanding  principal  amount  thereof  from the
applicable  borrowing  date at a rate per annum  equal to the Base Rate PLUS the
Applicable  Rate;  and (iii) each Swing  Line Loan  shall bear  interest  on the
outstanding  principal  amount thereof from the  applicable  borrowing date at a
rate per annum equal to the Base Rate PLUS the Applicable Rate.

     (b)  (i) If any  amount  of  principal  of any  Loan is not paid  when due,
whether at stated  maturity,  by  acceleration  or otherwise,  such amount shall
thereafter  bear interest at a fluctuating  interest rate per annum at all times
equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

          (ii) If any amount  (other than  principal of any Loan) payable by the
     Borrower  under any Loan  Document is not paid when due,  whether at stated
     maturity,  by  acceleration  or  otherwise,  then upon the  request  of the
     Required  Lenders,   such  amount  shall  thereafter  bear  interest  at  a
     fluctuating  interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate
     to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

                                      S-45
<PAGE>

          (iii) Upon the  request of the  Required  Lenders,  while any Event of
     Default exists,  the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of
     all outstanding  Obligations  hereunder at a fluctuating  interest rate per
     annum  at all  times  equal  to the  Default  Rate  to the  fullest  extent
     permitted by applicable Laws.

          (iv)  Accrued  and  unpaid  interest  on past due  amounts  (including
     interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

     (c)  Interest  on each Loan  shall be due and  payable  in  arrears on each
Interest  Payment  Date  applicable  thereto  and at such other  times as may be
specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with
the  terms  hereof  before  and  after  judgment,   and  before  and  after  the
commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

     2.09.  FEES. In addition to certain fees described in  subsections  (i) and
(j) of SECTION 2.03:

     (a) COMMITMENT FEE. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative  Agent for
the account of each  Lender in  accordance  with its  Applicable  Percentage,  a
commitment  fee equal to the  Applicable  Rate TIMES the actual  daily amount by
which the Aggregate  Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of
Committed Loans (other than Swing Line Loans) and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of
L/C  Obligations.  The  commitment  fee shall  accrue at all  times  during  the
Availability  Period,  including  at any time  during  which  one or more of the
conditions  in ARTICLE IV is not met, and shall be due and payable  quarterly in
arrears on the 15th day of each January, April, July and October, or if the 15th
day of such month is not a Business  Day, on the next  Business Day  thereafter,
commencing  with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the
last day of the  Availability  Period.  The  commitment  fee shall be calculated
quarterly in arrears,  and if there is any change in the Applicable  Rate during
any quarter,  the actual daily  amount shall be computed and  multiplied  by the
Applicable  Rate  separately  for each  period  during  such  quarter  that such
Applicable Rate was in effect.

     (b)  OTHER  FEES.  (i)  The  Borrower  shall  pay to the  Arranger  and the
Administrative  Agent for their own respective  accounts fees in the amounts and
at the times  specified in the Fee Letter.  Such fees shall be fully earned when
paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.

          (ii) The  Borrower  shall pay to the  Lenders  such fees as shall have
     been  separately  agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so
     specified.  Such  fees  shall be fully  earned  when  paid and shall not be
     refundable for any reason whatsoever.

     2.10.  COMPUTATION OF INTEREST AND FEES. All  computations  of interest for
Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is  determined  by Bank of  America's  "prime
rate"  shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days,  as the case may
be, and actual days elapsed.  All other  computations of fees and interest shall
be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in
more fees or interest,  as applicable,  being paid than if computed on the basis
of a 365-day year).  Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the
Loan is made,  and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion  thereof,  for the

                                      S-46
<PAGE>

day on which the Loan or such  portion is paid,  PROVIDED  that any Loan that is
repaid on the same day on which it is made  shall,  subject to SECTION  2.12(A),
bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative  Agent of an
interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error.

     2.11. EVIDENCE OF DEBT.

     (a) The Credit  Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or
more  accounts or records  maintained  by such Lender and by the  Administrative
Agent in the ordinary course of business.  The accounts or records maintained by
the  Administrative  Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive  absent  manifest
error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower
and the interest and payments thereon.  Any failure to so record or any error in
doing so shall not,  however,  limit or otherwise  affect the  obligation of the
Borrower  hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations.  In
the event of any conflict  between the accounts  and records  maintained  by any
Lender and the  accounts and records of the  Administrative  Agent in respect of
such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control
in the absence of manifest  error.  Upon the request of any Lender made  through
the Administrative  Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender
(through the  Administrative  Agent) a Note,  which shall evidence such Lender's
Loans in addition to such accounts or records.  Each Lender may attach schedules
to its Note and  endorse  thereon  the date,  Type (if  applicable),  amount and
maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.

     (b) In addition to the accounts and records  referred to in subsection (a),
each Lender and the  Administrative  Agent shall maintain in accordance with its
usual  practice  accounts or records  evidencing the purchases and sales by such
Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event
of  any  conflict   between  the  accounts   and  records   maintained   by  the
Administrative  Agent and the  accounts  and records of any Lender in respect of
such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control
in the absence of manifest error.

     2.12. PAYMENTS GENERALLY; ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT'S CLAWBACK.

     (a) GENERAL.  All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without
condition or deduction  for any  counterclaim,  defense,  recoupment  or setoff.
Except as  otherwise  expressly  provided  herein,  all payments by the Borrower
hereunder  shall be made to the  Administrative  Agent,  for the  account of the
respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative  Agent's
Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on
the date specified herein. The Administrative  Agent will promptly distribute to
each Lender its  Applicable  Percentage (or other  applicable  share as provided
herein) of such  payment  in like funds as  received  by wire  transfer  to such
Lender's Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after
2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next  succeeding  Business Day and any
applicable  interest or fee shall continue to accrue.  If any payment to be made
by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall
be made on the next following  Business Day, and such extension of time shall be
reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

                                      S-47
<PAGE>

     (b) (i) FUNDING BY LENDERS; PRESUMPTION BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. Unless the
Administrative  Agent  shall have  received  notice  from a Lender  prior to the
proposed  date of any Committed  Borrowing of Eurodollar  Rate Loans (or, in the
case of any Committed  Borrowing of Base Rate Loans,  prior to 12:00 noon on the
date of such  Committed  Borrowing)  that such Lender will not make available to
the Administrative  Agent such Lender's share of such Committed  Borrowing,  the
Administrative  Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share  available
on such date in  accordance  with  SECTION  2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed
Borrowing of Base Rate Loans,  that such Lender has made such share available in
accordance  with and at the time  required by SECTION 2.02) and may, in reliance
upon such assumption,  make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In
such  event,  if a  Lender  has not in fact  made its  share  of the  applicable
Committed Borrowing  available to the Administrative  Agent, then the applicable
Lender  and the  Borrower  severally  agree to pay to the  Administrative  Agent
forthwith on demand such  corresponding  amount in immediately  available  funds
with interest  thereon,  for each day from and including the date such amount is
made  available  to the  Borrower  to but  excluding  the date of payment to the
Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender,
the  greater  of  the  Federal   Funds  Rate  and  a  rate   determined  by  the
Administrative  Agent in  accordance  with banking  industry  rules on interbank
compensation,  plus any  administrative,  processing or similar fees customarily
charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in
the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower,  the interest rate  applicable
to Base Rate Loans.  If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such  interest to
the   Administrative   Agent  for  the  same  or  an  overlapping   period,  the
Administrative  Agent shall  promptly  remit to the  Borrower the amount of such
interest paid by the Borrower for such period.  If such Lender pays its share of
the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative  Agent, then the amount
so paid shall constitute such Lender's Committed Loan included in such Committed
Borrowing.  Any payment by the Borrower shall be without  prejudice to any claim
the  Borrower  may have  against a Lender  that shall  have  failed to make such
payment to the Administrative Agent.

          (ii)  PAYMENTS BY  BORROWER;  PRESUMPTIONS  BY  ADMINISTRATIVE  AGENT.
     Unless  the  Administrative  Agent  shall  have  received  notice  from the
     Borrower   prior  to  the  date  on  which  any   payment  is  due  to  the
     Administrative  Agent for the  account  of the  Lenders  or the L/C  Issuer
     hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment,  the Administrative
     Agent may assume that the  Borrower  has made such  payment on such date in
     accordance  herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption,  distribute
     to the  Lenders or the L/C  Issuer,  as the case may be, the amount due. In
     such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of
     the  Lenders or the L/C  Issuer,  as the case may be,  severally  agrees to
     repay to the  Administrative  Agent  forthwith  on  demand  the  amount  so
     distributed  to such Lender or the L/C  Issuer,  in  immediately  available
     funds with interest thereon,  for each day from and including the date such
     amount is  distributed  to it to but  excluding  the date of payment to the
     Administrative  Agent,  at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate
     determined by the Administrative  Agent in accordance with banking industry
     rules on interbank compensation.

     A notice of the  Administrative  Agent to any Lender or the  Borrower  with
respect  to any amount  owing  under this  subsection  (b) shall be  conclusive,
absent manifest error.

                                      S-48
<PAGE>

     (c) FAILURE TO SATISFY CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.  If any Lender makes available
to the  Administrative  Agent  funds  for any Loan to be made by such  Lender as
provided in the foregoing  provisions of this ARTICLE II, and such funds are not
made  available  to  the  Borrower  by  the  Administrative  Agent  because  the
conditions to the  applicable  Credit  Extension set forth in ARTICLE IV are not
satisfied or waived in  accordance  with the terms  hereof,  the  Administrative
Agent shall  return such funds (in like funds as received  from such  Lender) to
such Lender, without interest.

     (d)  OBLIGATIONS  OF  LENDERS  SEVERAL.  The  obligations  of  the  Lenders
hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund  participations  in Letters of Credit
and Swing Line Loans and to make  payments  pursuant  to  SECTION  10.04(C)  are
several and not joint.  The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to
fund any such participation or to make any payment under SECTION 10.04(C) on any
date required  hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding
obligation  to do so on such date,  and no Lender shall be  responsible  for the
failure of any other  Lender to so make its  Committed  Loan,  to  purchase  its
participation or to make its payment under SECTION 10.04(C).

     (e) FUNDING  SOURCE.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender
to  obtain  the  funds  for any Loan in any  particular  place or  manner  or to
constitute  a  representation  by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain
the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.

     2.13.  SHARING OF PAYMENTS BY LENDERS.  If any Lender shall,  by exercising
any right of setoff or counterclaim  or otherwise,  obtain payment in respect of
any  principal of or interest on any of the  Committed  Loans made by it, or the
participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in
such Lender's  receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such
Committed Loans or participations  and accrued interest thereon greater than its
pro rata share  thereof as  provided  herein,  then the  Lender  receiving  such
greater proportion shall (a) notify the  Administrative  Agent of such fact, and
(b) purchase (for cash at face value)  participations in the Committed Loans and
subparticipations  in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders,
or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all
such  payments  shall be shared by the Lenders  ratably in  accordance  with the
aggregate  amount of  principal  of and  accrued  interest  on their  respective
Committed Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that:

          (i) if any such participations or subparticipations  are purchased and
     all or any portion of the payment  giving rise thereto is  recovered,  such
     participations  or  subparticipations  shall be rescinded  and the purchase
     price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and

          (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to
     (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the
     express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment  obtained by a Lender as
     consideration  for the assignment of or sale of a  participation  in any of
     its Committed Loans or  subparticipations  in L/C Obligations or Swing Line
     Loans to any  assignee or  participant,  other than to the  Borrower or any
     Subsidiary  thereof  (as to which  the  provisions  of this  Section  shall
     apply).

                                      S-49
<PAGE>

     Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees,  to the extent it may
effectively  do  so  under   applicable   law,  that  any  Lender   acquiring  a
participation  pursuant to the foregoing  arrangements may exercise against such
Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such  participation
as fully as if such  Lender  were a direct  creditor  of such Loan  Party in the
amount of such participation.

     2.14. INCREASE IN COMMITMENTS.

     (a) REQUEST FOR INCREASE.  Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to
the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Borrower
may on a one-time basis, request an increase in the Aggregate  Commitments by an
amount not  exceeding (a) in the event that the Senior Notes have been repaid in
full or will be repaid in full contemporaneously with such increase, $50,000,000
or (b) in the event  that any  Senior  Notes  remain  outstanding,  $25,000,000;
PROVIDED that any such request for an increase  shall be in a minimum  amount of
$5,000,000.  At the time of sending such notice,  the Borrower (in  consultation
with the  Administrative  Agent) shall specify the time period within which each
Lender  is  requested  to  respond  (which  shall in no  event be less  than ten
Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders).

     (b)  LENDER   ELECTIONS   TO   INCREASE.   Each  Lender  shall  notify  the
Administrative  Agent  within  such  time  period  whether  or not it  agrees to
increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than,
or less than its Applicable  Percentage of such requested  increase.  Any Lender
not  responding  within  such time  period  shall be deemed to have  declined to
increase its Commitment.

     (c)  NOTIFICATION  BY  ADMINISTRATIVE   AGENT;   ADDITIONAL  LENDERS.   The
Administrative  Agent shall  notify the Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders'
responses  to each  request  made  hereunder.  To achieve  the full  amount of a
requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative  Agent, the
L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (which  approvals shall not be unreasonably
withheld),  the Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become
Lenders  pursuant to a joinder  agreement in form and substance  satisfactory to
the  Administrative  Agent and its counsel;  PROVIDED  THAT the  opportunity  to
increase its  Commitment is first offered to each existing  Lender in accordance
with this SECTION 2.14.

     (d)  EFFECTIVE  DATE AND  ALLOCATIONS.  If the  Aggregate  Commitments  are
increased in accordance  with this  Section,  the  Administrative  Agent and the
Borrower shall determine the effective date (the "INCREASE  EFFECTIVE DATE") and
the final allocation of such increase.  The Administrative  Agent shall promptly
notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and
the Increase Effective Date.

     (e) CONDITIONS TO  EFFECTIVENESS OF INCREASE.  As a condition  precedent to
such  increase,  the  Borrower  shall  deliver  to the  Administrative  Agent  a
certificate  of each Loan  Party  dated as of the  Increase  Effective  Date (in
sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible  Officer of such Loan
Party (i)  certifying and attaching the  resolutions  adopted by such Loan Party
approving or  consenting  to such  increase,  (ii) in the case of the  Borrower,
certifying  that,  before  and after  giving  effect to such  increase,  (A) the
representations  and  warranties  contained  in  ARTICLE  V and the  other  Loan
Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase  Effective Date, except

                                      S-50
<PAGE>

to the extent that such representations and warranties  specifically refer to an
earlier  date,  in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date,
and except that for  purposes of this  SECTION  2.14,  the  representations  and
warranties  contained in subsections (a) and (b) of SECTION 5.05 shall be deemed
to refer to the most  recent  statements  furnished  pursuant to clauses (a) and
(b),  respectively,  of SECTION 6.01, and (B) no Default exists and (iii) in the
case of a request  for an  increase of the  Aggregate  Commitments  in an amount
greater than  $25,000,000,  evidence of repayment in full of the Senior Notes in
form and substance  satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall
prepay any Committed Loans  outstanding on the Increase  Effective Date (and pay
any  additional  amounts  required  pursuant  to  SECTION  3.05)  to the  extent
necessary  to keep the  outstanding  Committed  Loans  ratable  with any revised
Applicable  Percentages  arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments
under this Section.

     (f) CONFLICTING PROVISIONS.  This Section shall supersede any provisions in
SECTION 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary.

     2.15. COLLATERAL SECURITY.  The Obligations shall be secured by a perfected
first priority  security  interest  (subject only to Liens  permitted by SECTION
7.01 entitled to priority under  applicable law) in (i) all of the assets of the
Loan  Parties,  whether  now owned or  hereafter  acquired,  including,  without
limitation all real,  leasehold and personal  property of each Loan Party,  (ii)
all Equity  Interests of all  first-tier  Subsidiaries  of the Borrower and each
Guarantor;  PROVIDED  that,  with respect to Foreign  Subsidiaries,  such equity
pledge shall be limited to 65% of the capital  stock of such Foreign  Subsidiary
to the extent the pledge of any  greater  percentage  would  result in  material
adverse  tax  consequences  to any Loan  Party,  (iii) all  present  and  future
intercompany  debt of the Borrower and each  Guarantor and (iv) all proceeds and
products of the property and assets described in (i), (ii) and (iii) above.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                     TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

     3.01. TAXES.

     (a)  PAYMENTS  FREE OF TAXES.  Any and all payments by or on account of any
obligation of the Borrower  hereunder or under any other Loan Document  shall be
made free and clear of and without  reduction or withholding for any Indemnified
Taxes or Other  Taxes,  PROVIDED  that if the  Borrower  shall  be  required  by
applicable law to deduct any Indemnified  Taxes (including any Other Taxes) from
such payments,  then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that
after  making  all  required  deductions  (including  deductions  applicable  to
additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative  Agent, Lender or
L/C Issuer,  as the case may be,  receives  an amount  equal to the sum it would
have received had no such  deductions  been made,  (ii) the Borrower  shall make
such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted
to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

     (b) PAYMENT OF OTHER TAXES BY THE BORROWER. Without limiting the provisions
of subsection  (a) above,  the Borrower  shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

                                      S-51
<PAGE>

     (c)  INDEMNIFICATION  BY THE  BORROWER.  The Borrower  shall  indemnify the
Administrative  Agent,  each  Lender  and the L/C  Issuer,  within 10 days after
demand  therefor,  for the full amount of any  Indemnified  Taxes or Other Taxes
(including   Indemnified  Taxes  or  Other  Taxes  imposed  or  asserted  on  or
attributable to amounts  payable under this Section) paid by the  Administrative
Agent,  such  Lender or the L/C Issuer,  as the case may be, and any  penalties,
interest and  reasonable  expenses  arising  therefrom or with respect  thereto,
whether or not such  Indemnified  Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally
imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental  Authority. A certificate as to
the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or
the  L/C  Issuer  (with  a  copy  to  the  Administrative   Agent),  or  by  the
Administrative  Agent on its own  behalf  or on  behalf  of a Lender  or the L/C
Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

     (d)  EVIDENCE  OF  PAYMENTS.  As soon as  practicable  after any payment of
Indemnified  Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a  Governmental  Authority,
the  Borrower  shall  deliver  to the  Administrative  Agent the  original  or a
certified copy of a receipt  issued by such  Governmental  Authority  evidencing
such payment,  a copy of the return  reporting such payment or other evidence of
such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

     (e) STATUS OF LENDERS.  Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption
from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the  jurisdiction in which
the  Borrower  is  resident  for tax  purposes,  or any  treaty  to  which  such
jurisdiction is a party,  with respect to payments  hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower  (with a copy to the  Administrative
Agent),  at the  time  or  times  prescribed  by  applicable  law or  reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the  Administrative  Agent, such properly completed
and executed  documentation  prescribed  by  applicable  law as will permit such
payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In
addition,  any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent,
shall  deliver  such  other  documentation   prescribed  by  applicable  law  or
reasonably  requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender
is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.

     Without  limiting the  generality of the  foregoing,  in the event that the
Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United  States,  any Foreign Lender
shall  deliver to the Borrower and the  Administrative  Agent (in such number of
copies as shall be requested by the  recipient) on or prior to the date on which
such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter  upon the request of the Borrower or the  Administrative  Agent,  but
only if such  Foreign  Lender is legally  entitled to do so),  whichever  of the
following is applicable:

          (i) duly  completed  copies of Internal  Revenue  Service  Form W-8BEN
     claiming  eligibility  for  benefits  of an income  tax treaty to which the
     United States is a party,

          (ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI,

          (iii) in the case of a Foreign  Lender  claiming  the  benefits of the
     exemption for portfolio  interest  under section  881(c) of the Code, (x) a
     certificate  to the  effect  that such  Foreign  Lender is not (A) a "bank"
     within the meaning of section  881(c)(3)(A)  of the Code, (B) a "10 percent

                                      S-52
<PAGE>

     shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of section  881(c)(3)(B) of
     the Code, or (C) a "controlled  foreign  corporation"  described in section
     881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed  copies of Internal Revenue
     Service Form W-8BEN, or

          (iv) any  other  form  prescribed  by  applicable  law as a basis  for
     claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding
     tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be
     prescribed  by  applicable  law to permit the  Borrower  to  determine  the
     withholding or deduction required to be made.

     (f) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN REFUNDS.  If the Administrative  Agent, any Lender
or the L/C Issuer  determines,  in its sole  discretion,  that it has received a
refund of any Taxes or Other  Taxes as to which it has been  indemnified  by the
Borrower  or with  respect to which the  Borrower  has paid  additional  amounts
pursuant to this  Section,  it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such
refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts
paid,  by the  Borrower  under this  Section  with respect to the Taxes or Other
Taxes  giving rise to such  refund),  net of all  out-of-pocket  expenses of the
Administrative  Agent,  such Lender or the L/C  Issuer,  as the case may be, and
without  interest  (other than any interest  paid by the  relevant  Governmental
Authority  with respect to such refund),  PROVIDED  that the Borrower,  upon the
request of the  Administrative  Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer,  agrees to
repay the amount  paid over to the  Borrower  (plus any  penalties,  interest or
other  charges   imposed  by  the  relevant   Governmental   Authority)  to  the
Administrative   Agent,  such  Lender  or  the  L/C  Issuer  in  the  event  the
Administrative  Agent,  such  Lender or the L/C Issuer is required to repay such
refund to such Governmental Authority. This subsection shall not be construed to
require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer to make available
its tax  returns (or any other  information  relating to its taxes that it deems
confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person.

     3.02.  ILLEGALITY.  If any  Lender  determines  that  any Law  has  made it
unlawful,  or that any Governmental  Authority has asserted that it is unlawful,
for any  Lender  or its  applicable  Lending  Office to make,  maintain  or fund
Eurodollar  Rate Loans,  or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the
Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions
on the  authority  of such Lender to purchase or sell,  or to take  deposits of,
Dollars in the London interbank  market,  then, on notice thereof by such Lender
to the Borrower through the Administrative  Agent, any obligation of such Lender
to make or  continue  Eurodollar  Rate Loans or to convert  Base Rate  Committed
Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such
determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice,  the Borrower shall,
upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative  Agent),  prepay
or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate
Loans,  either on the last day of the Interest Period  therefor,  if such Lender
may lawfully  continue to maintain  such  Eurodollar  Rate Loans to such day, or
immediately,  if  such  Lender  may  not  lawfully  continue  to  maintain  such
Eurodollar  Rate Loans.  Upon any such  prepayment or  conversion,  the Borrower
shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.

                                      S-53
<PAGE>

     3.03.  INABILITY TO DETERMINE RATES. If the Required Lenders determine that
for any reason in  connection  with any request for a Eurodollar  Rate Loan or a
conversion  to or  continuation  thereof that (a) Dollar  deposits are not being
offered to banks in the London  interbank  eurodollar  market for the applicable
amount and  Interest  Period of such  Eurodollar  Rate Loan,  (b)  adequate  and
reasonable  means do not  exist  for  determining  the  Eurodollar  Rate for any
requested  Interest Period with respect to a proposed  Eurodollar Rate Loan , or
(c) the  Eurodollar  Rate for any  requested  Interest  Period with respect to a
proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to
such Lenders of funding such Loan,  the  Administrative  Agent will  promptly so
notify the Borrower and each Lender.  Thereafter,  the obligation of the Lenders
to make  or  maintain  Eurodollar  Rate  Loans  shall  be  suspended  until  the
Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such
notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request
for a Borrowing of,  conversion to or  continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or,
failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a
Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein.

     3.04. INCREASED COSTs; RESERVES ON EURODOLLAR RATE LOANS.

     (a) INCREASED COSTS GENERALLY. If any Change in Law shall:

          (i) impose,  modify or deem applicable any reserve,  special  deposit,
     compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of,
     deposits with or for the account of, or credit  extended or participated in
     by, any Lender  (except any  reserve  requirement  contemplated  by SECTION
     3.04(E)) or the L/C Issuer;

          (ii)  subject  any  Lender  or the L/C  Issuer  to any tax of any kind
     whatsoever  with  respect to this  Agreement,  any  Letter of  Credit,  any
     participation in a Letter of Credit or any Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it,
     or change  the basis of  taxation  of  payments  to such  Lender or the L/C
     Issuer in respect  thereof  (except  for  Indemnified  Taxes or Other Taxes
     covered by SECTION  3.01 and the  imposition  of, or any change in the rate
     of, any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer); or

          (iii)  impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London  interbank
     market any other  condition,  cost or expense  affecting  this Agreement or
     Eurodollar  Rate  Loans  made by such  Lender  or any  Letter  of Credit or
     participation therein;

     and the result of any of the  foregoing  shall be to  increase  the cost to
such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Rate Loan (or of maintaining
its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or
the L/C Issuer of participating  in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit
(or of  maintaining  its  obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of
Credit),  or to reduce  the amount of any sum  received  or  receivable  by such
Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal,  interest or any other
amount) then,  upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer,  the Borrower will
pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount
or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be,
for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

                                      S-54
<PAGE>

     (b) CAPITAL  REQUIREMENTS.  If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that
any Change in Law affecting  such Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office
of such Lender or such  Lender's or the L/C Issuer's  holding  company,  if any,
regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate
of return on such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's capital or on the capital of such
Lender's or the L/C Issuer's holding  company,  if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement,   the   Commitments   of  such  Lender  or  the  Loans  made  by,  or
participations  in Letters of Credit  held by,  such  Lender,  or the Letters of
Credit issued by the L/C Issuer,  to a level below that which such Lender or the
L/C Issuer or such  Lender's  or the L/C  Issuer's  holding  company  could have
achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into  consideration such Lender's or
the L/C Issuer's  policies and the policies of such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's
holding  company with respect to capital  adequacy),  then from time to time the
Borrower  will pay to such  Lender or the L/C  Issuer,  as the case may be, such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or
such  Lender's  or the L/C  Issuer's  holding  company  for any  such  reduction
suffered.

     (c)  CERTIFICATES FOR  REIMBURSEMENT.  A certificate of a Lender or the L/C
Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts  necessary to compensate  such Lender
or the L/C Issuer or its holding  company,  as the case may be, as  specified in
subsection  (a) or (b) of this Section and  delivered  to the Borrower  shall be
conclusive  absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C
Issuer,  as the case may be,  the  amount  shown as due on any such  certificate
within 10 days after receipt thereof.

     (d) DELAY IN  REQUESTS.  Failure  or delay on the part of any Lender or the
L/C Issuer to demand compensation  pursuant to the foregoing  provisions of this
Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's right
to demand such compensation, PROVIDED that the Borrower shall not be required to
compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer  pursuant to the  foregoing  provisions of
this Section for any increased  costs incurred or reductions  suffered more than
nine months  prior to the date that such  Lender or the L/C Issuer,  as the case
may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased
costs or reductions and of such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's  intention to claim
compensation  therefor  (except  that,  if the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased  costs  or  reductions  is  retroactive,  then the  nine-month  period
referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive  effect
thereof).

     (e)  RESERVES ON  EURODOLLAR  RATE LOANS.  The  Borrower  shall pay to each
Lender,  as long as such Lender  shall be required  to  maintain  reserves  with
respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including  Eurocurrency  funds
or deposits (currently known as "Eurocurrency liabilities"), additional interest
on the unpaid  principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual
costs of such reserves  allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as  determined by
such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which shall
be due and  payable  on each date on which  interest  is  payable  on such Loan,
PROVIDED the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days' prior notice (with a
copy to the Administrative  Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender.
If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant  Interest Payment
Date, such additional  interest shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of
such notice.

                                      S-55
<PAGE>

     3.05.  COMPENSATION  FOR LOSSES.  Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to
the  Administrative  Agent)  from  time to time,  the  Borrower  shall  promptly
compensate  such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or
expense incurred by it as a result of:

     (a) any continuation,  conversion,  payment or prepayment of any Loan other
than a Base Rate Loan on a day other  than the last day of the  Interest  Period
for  such  Loan  (whether  voluntary,   mandatory,   automatic,   by  reason  of
acceleration, or otherwise);

     (b) any  failure by the  Borrower  (for a reason  other than the failure of
such  Lender to make a Loan) to prepay,  borrow,  continue  or convert  any Loan
other  than a Base  Rate  Loan on the  date  or in the  amount  notified  by the
Borrower; or

     (c) any  assignment of a Eurodollar  Rate Loan on a day other than the last
day of the  Interest  Period  therefor as a result of a request by the  Borrower
pursuant to SECTION 10.13;

     including any loss of anticipated  profits and any loss or expense  arising
from the  liquidation or  reemployment  of funds obtained by it to maintain such
Loan or from fees payable to terminate  the deposits  from which such funds were
obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary  administrative fees charged
by such Lender in connection with the foregoing.

     For purposes of calculating  amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders
under  this  SECTION  3.05,  each  Lender  shall be deemed to have  funded  each
Eurodollar  Rate  Loan  made by it at the  Eurodollar  Rate for  such  Loan by a
matching  deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank  eurodollar  market
for a  comparable  amount  and for a  comparable  period,  whether  or not  such
Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded.

     3.06. MITIGATION OBLIGATIONS; REPLACEMENT OF LENDERS.

     (a)  DESIGNATION  OF A DIFFERENT  LENDING  OFFICE.  If any Lender  requests
compensation  under  SECTION  3.04,  or the  Borrower  is  required  to pay  any
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of
any Lender pursuant to SECTION 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to
SECTION  3.02,  then such Lender  shall use  reasonable  efforts to  designate a
different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign
its rights and  obligations  hereunder  to another of its  offices,  branches or
affiliates,  if, in the judgment of such Lender,  such designation or assignment
(i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable  pursuant to SECTION 3.01 or 3.04,
as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant
to SECTION 3.02, as  applicable,  and (ii) in each case,  would not subject such
Lender  to  any  unreimbursed  cost  or  expense  and  would  not  otherwise  be
disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable
costs  and  expenses  incurred  by  any  Lender  in  connection  with  any  such
designation or assignment.

     (b)  REPLACEMENT  OF LENDERS.  If any Lender  requests  compensation  under
SECTION 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any
Lender or any  Governmental  Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to
SECTION 3.01,  the Borrower may replace such Lender in  accordance  with SECTION
10.13.

                                      S-56
<PAGE>

     3.07.  SURVIVAL.  All of the Borrower's  obligations under this ARTICLE III
shall  survive  termination  of the Aggregate  Commitments  and repayment of all
other Obligations hereunder.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                    CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

     4.01.  CONDITIONS OF INITIAL  CREDIT  EXTENSION.  The obligation of the L/C
Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject
to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

     (a) The  Administrative  Agent's  receipt of the  following,  each of which
shall be  originals  or  telecopies  (followed  promptly  by  originals)  unless
otherwise  specified,  each properly  executed by a  Responsible  Officer of the
signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates
of  governmental  officials,  a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in
form and  substance  satisfactory  to the  Administrative  Agent and each of the
Lenders:

          (i) executed  counterparts  of this Agreement,  the Borrower  Security
     Agreement,  the Guarantor Security Agreements and the Guaranty,  sufficient
     in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the
     Borrower;

          (ii)  a  Note  executed  by the  Borrower  in  favor  of  each  Lender
     requesting a Note;

          (iii) Intentionally Omitted;

          (iv)  confirmation of each Security Document (other than the Guaranty,
     Borrower Security Agreement and Guarantor Security  Agreements) in form and
     substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

          (v) such  certificates  of  resolutions  or other  action,  incumbency
     certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan
     Party as the  Administrative  Agent may require  evidencing  the  identity,
     authority and capacity of each  Responsible  Officer thereof  authorized to
     act as a  Responsible  Officer in  connection  with this  Agreement and the
     other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party;

          (vi) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may
     reasonably  require to evidence  that each Loan Party is duly  organized or
     formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing,  in good standing and
     qualified to engage in business in each  jurisdiction  where its ownership,
     lease or operation of  properties  or the conduct of its business  requires
     such  qualification,  except to the extent that  failure to do so could not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (vii) a favorable  opinion of Phillips Lytle LLP,  counsel to the Loan
     Parties,  addressed to the Administrative  Agent and each Lender, as to the
     matters set forth in EXHIBIT G and such other matters  concerning  the Loan
     Parties and the Loan Documents as the  Administrative  Agent may reasonably
     request;

                                      S-57
<PAGE>

          (viii)  a  favorable  opinion  of the Law  Office  of  Brune  Lawyers,
     Oklahoma local counsel to Crane Equipment & Service, Inc., addressed to the
     Administrative Agent and each Lender;

          (ix) Intentionally Omitted;

          (x) a certificate  of a Responsible  Officer of each Loan Party either
     (A) attaching  copies of all consents,  licenses and approvals  required in
     connection with the execution,  delivery and performance by such Loan Party
     and the validity  against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it
     is a party,  and such  consents,  licenses and  approvals  shall be in full
     force  and  effect,  or (B)  stating  that no such  consents,  licenses  or
     approvals are so required;

          (xi) a  certificate  signed by a  Responsible  Officer of the Borrower
     certifying  (A) that the conditions  specified in SECTIONS  4.02(A) and (B)
     have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since
     March 31, 2005 that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either
     individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) that there
     shall not have been a material  adverse change to the facts and information
     regarding  the Loan Parties  provided to the  Administrative  Agent and the
     Lenders by the Borrowers on or prior to March 31, 2005 and (D) an officer's
     certificate in form and substance  satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
     certifying  as to  the  absence  of  any  action,  suit,  investigation  or
     proceeding  pending or, to the  knowledge of any Loan Party,  threatened in
     any court or before any  arbitrator or  governmental  authority  that could
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (xii) a duly  completed  Compliance  Certificate as of the last day of
     the fiscal  quarter of the Borrower  ended on January 1, 2006,  signed by a
     Responsible Officer of the Borrower;

          (xiii) evidence that all insurance required to be maintained  pursuant
     to the Loan Documents has been obtained and is in effect;

          (xiv)  Administrative  Agent  shall be  satisfied  that  the  Security
     Documents shall be effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent
     a legal,  valid and enforceable first (except for Liens permitted  pursuant
     to SECTION 7.01 and entitled to priority  under  applicable  law)  security
     interest in and Lien upon the Collateral, along with, in form and substance
     satisfactory  to  the  Lenders,  evidence  that  all  filings,  recordings,
     deliveries of instruments  and other actions  necessary or desirable in the
     opinion of the  Administrative  Agent to protect and preserve such security
     interests shall have been duly effected;

          (xv) a  completed  and fully  executed  perfection  certificate  (or a
     bringdown of the perfection  certificate provided with respect to the First
     Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement) with respect to each Loan Party and
     the results of UCC searches (and the  equivalent  thereof in all applicable
     foreign   jurisdictions)   and   other   evidence   satisfactory   to   the
     Administrative  Agent that there are no Liens  upon the  Collateral,  other
     than Liens  permitted  pursuant to SECTION  7.01 and  otherwise in form and
     substance satisfactory to the Lenders;

                                      S-58
<PAGE>

          (xvi)   completed   environmental   questionnaires   and  such   other
     environmental  reports,  audits,  certifications  and  information  as  the
     Administrative  Agent  may  reasonably  require,  in each  case in form and
     substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

          (xvii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have completed a
     confirmatory legal and business due diligence investigation, the results of
     which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders;

          (xviii)   the   Administrative   Agent   shall   have   received   the
     fully-executed  Assignment and Assumption Agreement contemplated by SECTION
     2.01(B);

          (xix) assignments to the  Administrative  Agent for the benefit of the
     Lenders, of all notes and instruments evidencing intercompany  Indebtedness
     among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;

          (xx) such  other  assurances,  certificates,  documents,  consents  or
     opinions as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender
     or the Required Lenders reasonably may require.

     (b) Any fees  required to be paid on or before the Closing  Date shall have
been paid.

     (c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid
all fees,  charges  and  disbursements  of counsel to the  Administrative  Agent
(directly  to such  counsel if  requested  by the  Administrative  Agent) to the
extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of
such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate
of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through
the  closing  proceedings  (provided  that such  estimate  shall not  thereafter
preclude  a  final   settling  of  accounts   between  the   Borrower   and  the
Administrative Agent).

     (d) The Closing Date shall have occurred on or before March 31, 2006.

     Without  limiting the  generality of the  provisions  of SECTION 9.04,  for
purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this SECTION
4.01,  each  Lender  that has  signed  this  Agreement  shall be  deemed to have
consented  to,  approved or accepted or to be satisfied  with,  each document or
other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable
or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative  Agent shall have received
notice  from such Lender  prior to the  proposed  Closing  Date  specifying  its
objection thereto.

     4.02. CONDITIONS TO ALL CREDIT EXTENSIONS. The obligation of each Lender to
honor any Request  for Credit  Extension  (other  than a  Committed  Loan Notice
requesting  only a  conversion  of  Committed  Loans  to the  other  Type,  or a
continuation  of Eurodollar  Rate Loans) is subject to the following  conditions
precedent:

     (a) The  representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan
Party contained in ARTICLE V or any other Loan Document,  or which are contained
in any  document  furnished  at any time  under  or in  connection  herewith  or
therewith,  shall  be true  and  correct  on and as of the  date of such  Credit

                                      S-59
<PAGE>

Extension,  except  to the  extent  that  such  representations  and  warranties
specifically  refer to an  earlier  date,  in which  case they shall be true and
correct as of such  earlier  date,  and except that for purposes of this SECTION
4.02, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of
SECTION  5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent  statements  furnished
pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of SECTION 6.01.

     (b) No Default or Event of Default  shall exist,  or would result from such
proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

     (c) The  Administrative  Agent and,  if  applicable,  the L/C Issuer or the
Swing  Line  Lender  shall  have  received a Request  for  Credit  Extension  in
accordance with the requirements hereof.

     Each  Request for Credit  Extension  (other  than a  Committed  Loan Notice
requesting  only a  conversion  of  Committed  Loans  to  the  other  Type  or a
continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed
to be a  representation  and warranty that the conditions  specified in SECTIONS
4.02(A)  or (B) have  been  satisfied  on and as of the  date of the  applicable
Credit Extension.

                                   ARTICLE V.
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The Borrower  represents and warrants to the  Administrative  Agent and the
Lenders that:

     5.01.  EXISTENCE,  QUALIFICATION  AND  POWER.  Each  Loan  Party  and  each
Subsidiary  thereof (a) is duly  organized or formed,  validly  existing and, as
applicable,  in  good  standing  under  the  Laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of its
incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all
requisite governmental licenses,  authorizations,  consents and approvals to (i)
own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute,  deliver and
perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c)
is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the
Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership,  lease or operation of properties
or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in
each case  referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do
so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     5.02.  AUTHORIZATION;   NO  CONTRAVENTION.   The  execution,  delivery  and
performance  by each Loan Party of each Loan  Document  to which such  Person is
party,   have  been  duly  authorized  by  all  necessary   corporate  or  other
organizational  action,  and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any
of such  Person's  Organization  Documents;  (b) conflict  with or result in any
breach or  contravention  of, or the creation of any Lien under,  or require any
payment to be made under (i) any Contractual  Obligation to which such Person is
a party or affecting  such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its
Subsidiaries or (ii) any order,  injunction,  writ or decree of any Governmental
Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject;
or (c) violate any Law.

     5.03.  GOVERNMENTAL  AUTHORIZATION;  OTHER CONSENTS. No approval,  consent,
exemption,  authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any

                                      S-60
<PAGE>

Governmental  Authority  or  any  other  Person  is  necessary  or  required  in
connection  with the  execution,  delivery  or  performance  by, or  enforcement
against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

     5.04.  BINDING  EFFECT.  This  Agreement  has  been,  and each  other  Loan
Document, when delivered hereunder,  will have been, duly executed and delivered
by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement  constitutes,  and each
other Loan  Document  when so  delivered  will  constitute,  a legal,  valid and
binding obligation of such Loan Party,  enforceable against each Loan Party that
is party thereto in accordance with its terms.

     5.05. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT; NO INTERNAL CONTROL
EVENT.

     (a) The Audited  Financial  Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with
GAAP  consistently  applied  throughout  the period covered  thereby,  except as
otherwise  expressly noted therein;  (ii) fairly present the financial condition
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of
operations for the period covered thereby in accordance  with GAAP  consistently
applied  throughout the period covered  thereby,  except as otherwise  expressly
noted therein;  and (iii) show all material  indebtedness and other liabilities,
direct  or  contingent,  of the  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  as of the date
thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness.

     (b) The unaudited  consolidated  and  consolidating  balance  sheets of the
Borrower  and  its   Subsidiaries   dated  January  1,  2006,  and  the  related
consolidated and consolidating statements of income or operations, shareholders'
equity  and cash  flows  for the  fiscal  quarter  ended  on that  date (i) were
prepared in accordance  with GAAP  consistently  applied  throughout  the period
covered thereby,  except as otherwise  expressly noted therein,  and (ii) fairly
present the financial  condition of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries as of the
date thereof and their results of  operations  for the period  covered  thereby,
subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to
normal  year-end  audit  adjustments.  SCHEDULE  5.05 sets  forth  all  material
indebtedness and other  liabilities,  direct or contingent,  of the Borrower and
its  consolidated  Subsidiaries  as of the  date of such  financial  statements,
including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness.

     (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial  Statements,  there has been no
event or circumstance,  either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (d) To the best knowledge of the Borrower, no Internal Control Event exists
or has  occurred  since the date of the Audited  Financial  Statements  that has
resulted in or could  reasonably be expected to result in a misstatement  in any
material respect, in any financial  information  delivered or to be delivered to
the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, of (i) covenant compliance calculations
provided  hereunder  or (ii) the assets,  liabilities,  financial  condition  or
results of operations  of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  on a  consolidated
basis.

     (e)  The  consolidated  and  consolidating  forecasted  balance  sheet  and
statements  of  income  and cash  flows  of the  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries
delivered  pursuant to SECTION  6.01(C) were prepared in good faith on the basis

                                      S-61

<PAGE>

of the assumptions  stated therein,  which assumptions were fair in light of the
conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts,  and represented,
at the time of delivery,  the Borrower's  best estimate of its future  financial
condition and performance.

     5.06.  LITIGATION.  There are no  actions,  suits,  proceedings,  claims or
disputes  pending or, to the  knowledge of the  Borrower  after due and diligent
investigation,  threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or
before any  Governmental  Authority,  by or against  the  Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or against any of their  properties or revenues that (a) purport to
affect or pertain to this  Agreement or any other Loan  Document,  or any of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby,  or (b) except as specifically  disclosed in
SCHEDULE 5.06, either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely,
could  reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect,  and there has
been no adverse change in the status,  or financial  effect on any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary thereof, of the matters described on SCHEDULE 5.06.

     5.07. NO DEFAULT.  Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary  thereof is in
default under or with respect to any Contractual  Obligation that could,  either
individually  or in the  aggregate,  reasonably  be  expected to have a Material
Adverse  Effect.  No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other
Loan Document.

     5.08.  OWNERSHIP  OF  PROPERTY;  LIENS.  Each  of  the  Borrower  and  each
Subsidiary  has good  record  and  marketable  title in fee  simple to, or valid
leasehold  interests  in, all real  property  necessary  or used in the ordinary
conduct  of its  business,  except  for such  defects  in  title  as could  not,
individually  or in the  aggregate,  reasonably  be  expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  The property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is subject to
no Liens, other than Liens permitted by SECTION 7.01.

     5.09. ENVIRONMENTAL  COMPLIANCE.  The Borrower and its Subsidiaries conduct
in the  ordinary  course  of  business  a  review  of  the  effect  of  existing
Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for
violation of any  Environmental Law on their respective  businesses,  operations
and  properties,  and as a result thereof the Borrower has reasonably  concluded
that, except as specifically disclosed in SCHEDULE 5.09, such Environmental Laws
and claims could not,  individually or in the aggregate,  reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     5.10.  INSURANCE.  The properties of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries are
insured with financially sound and reputable  insurance companies not Affiliates
of the Borrower,  in such amounts (after giving effect to any insurance coverage
from CM Insurance Company,  Inc.  compatible with the following  standards) with
such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies
engaged in similar  businesses and owning similar properties in localities where
the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary operates.

     5.11.  TAXES.  The  Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  have filed all Federal,
state and other material tax returns and reports  required to be filed, and have
paid all Federal,  state and other material taxes,  assessments,  fees and other
governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties,  income or
assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good

                                      S-62

<PAGE>

faith by  appropriate  proceedings  diligently  conducted and for which adequate
reserves have been provided in  accordance  with GAAP.  There is no proposed tax
assessment  against the Borrower or any Subsidiary  that would,  if made, have a
Material  Adverse Effect.  Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary  thereof is
party to any tax sharing agreement.

     5.12. ERISA COMPLIANCE.

     (a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws. Each Plan that is
intended to qualify  under  Section  401(a) of the Code has received a favorable
determination  letter  from  the IRS or an  application  for  such a  letter  is
currently  being  processed  by the IRS with  respect  thereto  and, to the best
knowledge of the Borrower,  nothing has occurred which would  prevent,  or cause
the loss of, such qualification. The Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate have made
all required  contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and
no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any  amortization  period
pursuant to Section 412 of the Code has been made with respect to any Plan.

     (b)  There  are no  pending  or,  to the best  knowledge  of the  Borrower,
threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority,
with  respect to any Plan that could  reasonably  be expected to have a Material
Adverse  Effect.  There has been no prohibited  transaction  or violation of the
fiduciary  responsibility  rules with  respect to any Plan that has  resulted or
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

     (c) (i) No ERISA  Event has  occurred or is  reasonably  expected to occur;
(ii) no Pension  Plan has any  Unfunded  Pension  Liability;  (iii)  neither the
Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred,  or reasonably  expects to incur,
any  liability  under Title IV of ERISA with  respect to any Pension Plan (other
than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA);  (iv) neither
the Borrower nor any ERISA  Affiliate  has incurred,  or  reasonably  expects to
incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice
under Section 4219 of ERISA,  would result in such liability) under Section 4201
or 4243 of ERISA with  respect to a  Multiemployer  Plan;  and (v)  neither  the
Borrower  nor any ERISA  Affiliate  has engaged in a  transaction  that could be
subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.

     5.13.  SUBSIDIARIES;  EQUITY  INTERESTS.  The Borrower has no  Subsidiaries
other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of SCHEDULE 5.13, and all of
the outstanding  Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued,
are fully paid and  nonassessable  and are owned by a Loan Party in the  amounts
specified on Part (a) of SCHEDULE 5.13 free and clear of all Liens. The Borrower
has no equity  investments  in any other  corporation or entity other than those
specifically  disclosed  in Part(b) of  SCHEDULE  5.13.  All of the  outstanding
Equity Interests in the Borrower have been validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable.

     5.14. MARGIN  REGULATIONS;  INVESTMENT  COMPANY ACT; PUBLIC UTILITY HOLDING
COMPANY ACT.

     (a) The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage,  principally or as one
of its important  activities,  in the business of purchasing or carrying  margin

                                      S-63

<PAGE>

stock  (within  the meaning of  Regulation  U issued by the FRB),  or  extending
credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.

     (b) None of the  Borrower,  any Person  Controlling  the  Borrower,  or any
Subsidiary (i) is a "holding  company," or a "subsidiary  company" of a "holding
company," or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary  company"
of a "holding company," within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company
Act of  1935,  or (ii) is or is  required  to be  registered  as an  "investment
company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

     5.15.  DISCLOSURE.  The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative  Agent
and the Lenders all agreements,  instruments and corporate or other restrictions
to which it or any of its  Subsidiaries is subject,  and all other matters known
to it, that,  individually or in the aggregate,  could reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate
or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of
any Loan Party to the Administrative  Agent or any Lender in connection with the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  and the  negotiation  of this  Agreement  or
delivered  hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified
or  supplemented  by other  information  so  furnished)  contains  any  material
misstatement  of fact or omits to state any material fact  necessary to make the
statements  therein,  in the light of the  circumstances  under  which they were
made,  not  misleading;  PROVIDED  that,  with  respect to  projected  financial
information,  the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in
good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

     5.16.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is
in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all
orders,  writs,  injunctions and decrees  applicable to it or to its properties,
except in such instances in which (a) such  requirement  of Law or order,  writ,
injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually
or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

     5.17. TAXPAYER  IDENTIFICATION NUMBER. The Borrower's true and correct U.S.
taxpayer identification number is set forth on SCHEDULE 10.02.

     5.18.   INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY;   LICENSES,   ETC.  The  Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries  own, or possess the right to use, all of the  trademarks,  service
marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and
other  intellectual  property  rights  (collectively,   "IP  RIGHTS")  that  are
reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective  businesses,  without
conflict  with the  rights of any other  Person.  To the best  knowledge  of the
Borrower,  no slogan or other  advertising  device,  product,  process,  method,
substance,  part or other  material  now  employed,  or now  contemplated  to be
employed,  by the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  infringes upon any rights held by
any other  Person.  Set forth on SCHEDULE  5.18 hereto is a complete list of all
patents,  trademarks  and  copyrights of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries.  No
claim or  litigation  regarding  any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best
knowledge of the Borrower,  threatened,  which,  either  individually  or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                                      S-64
<PAGE>

     5.19. PERFECTION OF SECURITY INTEREST.  All filings,  assignments,  pledges
and deposits of documents or  instruments  have been made and all other  actions
have been taken that are  necessary  or  advisable,  under  applicable  law,  to
establish  and  perfect  the  Administrative  Agent's  first  priority  security
interest in the Collateral. The Collateral and the Administrative Agent's rights
with  respect  to  the  Collateral  are  not  subject  to  any  setoff,  claims,
withholdings or other defenses.  The Borrower and each Guarantor is the owner of
the  Collateral  free from any Lien,  except  for Liens  permitted  pursuant  to
SECTION 7.01.

     5.20. PROPERTIES.


          (a) Each of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries has good and marketable
     title to, or valid,  subsisting and enforceable leasehold interests in, all
     of its Properties material to its business.  All machinery and equipment of
     each of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  is in good operating  condition
     and repair,  and all necessary  replacements of and repairs thereto have be
     made so as to preserve and maintain the value and  operating  efficiency of
     such machinery and equipment.

          (b) As of the Closing Date,  SCHEDULE 5.20 annexed  hereto  contains a
     true,  accurate and complete  list of all fee and  leasehold  real property
     assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

     5.21. SOLVENCY. Upon and immediately after consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, each of the Loan Parties is Solvent.

     5.22.  BANK  ACCOUNTS.  SCHEDULE  5.22 lists all banks and other  financial
institutions  at  which  the  Borrower  and  each of its  Domestic  Subsidiaries
maintains  deposits  and/or  other  accounts  as of the Closing  Date,  and such
Schedule correctly identifies the name and address of each depository,  the name
in which the account is held, a description  of the purpose of the account,  and
the complete account number.

     5.23.  OBLIGATIONS  AS  SENIOR  DEBT.  The  Obligations  constitute  Senior
Indebtedness  (as defined in the Senior Note  Indenture) and  Designated  Senior
Indebtedness (as defined in the Senior  Subordinated  Note Indenture).  As such,
all of the Obligations (and the  Administrative  Agent and Lenders) are entitled
to the benefits of each of the subordination  and other provisions  contained in
the (A)  Senior  Note  Indenture  which  are  available  in  respect  of  Senior
Indebtedness (and to the holders thereof), (b) the Intercreditor  Agreement, and
(c) the Senior  Subordinated  Note  Indenture  which are available in respect of
Designated Senior  Indebtedness  (and to the holders thereof),  and each of such
subordination  and other  provisions is in full force and effect and enforceable
in accordance with its terms.

     5.24.  USE OF  PROCEEDS.  The Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  will use the
proceeds of the Loans for the purposes specified in SECTION 6.11 and not for any
other purpose.

                                      S-65
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VI.
                              AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

     So long as any Lender  shall  have any  Commitment  hereunder,  any Loan or
other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied,  or any Letter of
Credit shall remain  outstanding,  the Borrower shall,  and shall (except in the
case of the covenants  set forth in SECTIONS  6.01,  6.02,  and 6.03) cause each
Subsidiary to:

     6.01.  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.  Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each
Lender,  in form and detail  satisfactory  to the  Administrative  Agent and the
Required Lenders:

     (a) as soon as available,  but in any event within 90 days after the end of
each  fiscal year of the  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries,  a  consolidated  and
consolidating  balance sheet of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries as at the end
of such fiscal year, and the related  consolidated and consolidating  statements
of income or  operations,  shareholders'  equity and cash flows for such  fiscal
year,  setting  forth  in each  case in  comparative  form the  figures  for the
previous  fiscal year, all in reasonable  detail and prepared in accordance with
GAAP, such consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by (i) a report
and opinion of a Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm of  nationally  recognized
standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, which report and opinion
shall be prepared in accordance with generally  accepted auditing  standards and
applicable  Securities  Laws and shall not be subject to any "going  concern" or
like  qualification  or  exception or any  qualification  or exception as to the
scope of such audit or with respect to the absence of any material  misstatement
and (ii) an opinion of such  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm  independently
assessing  the  Borrower's   internal  controls  over  financial   reporting  in
accordance with Item 308 of SEC Regulation  S-K, PCAOB Auditing  Standard No. 2,
and Section 404 of  Sarbanes-Oxley  expressing  a  conclusion  that  contains no
statement that there is a material  weakness in such internal  controls,  except
for such  material  weaknesses  as to which the  Administrative  Agent  does not
object, and such consolidating statements to be certified by the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower to the
effect that such  statements  are fairly  stated in all material  respects  when
considered in relation to the consolidated  financial statements of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries;

     (b) as soon as available,  but in any event within 45 days after the end of
each of the first three fiscal  quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries, a consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower
and its  Subsidiaries  as at the end of such  fiscal  quarter,  and the  related
consolidated and consolidating statements of income or operations, shareholders'
equity  and cash  flows  for such  fiscal  quarter  and for the  portion  of the
Borrower's  fiscal year then ended,  setting  forth in each case in  comparative
form the figures for the  corresponding  fiscal  quarter of the previous  fiscal
year  and  the  corresponding  portion  of  the  previous  fiscal  year,  all in
reasonable detail and certified by the chief executive officer,  chief financial
officer,  treasurer  or  controller  of the  Borrower as fairly  presenting  the
financial condition, results of operations,  shareholders' equity and cash flows
of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries in accordance  with GAAP,  subject only to
normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and

     (c) as soon as available,  but in any event no later than 30 days after the
start of each fiscal year of the Borrower, budgets prepared by management of the

                                      S-66
<PAGE>

Borrower,  in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of consolidated and
consolidating  balance  sheets and  statements of income or operations  and cash
flows of the Borrower and its  Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis for such fiscal
year.

     As to any information  contained in materials furnished pursuant to SECTION
6.02(C),  the  Borrower  shall  not  be  separately  required  to  furnish  such
information  under clause (a) or (b) above,  but the  foregoing  shall not be in
derogation  of the  obligation  of the Borrower to furnish the  information  and
materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein.

     6.02. CERTIFICATES;  OTHER INFORMATION. Deliver to the Administrative Agent
and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and
the Required Lenders:

     (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial  statements referred to
in  SECTIONS  6.01(A) AND (B)  commencing  with the  delivery  of the  financial
statements  for the fiscal  quarter year ended March 31, 2006, a duly  completed
Compliance  Certificate signed by the chief executive  officer,  chief financial
officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower;

     (b) promptly after any request by the  Administrative  Agent or any Lender,
copies of any detailed  audit  reports,  management  letters or  recommendations
submitted  to the board of  directors  (or the audit  committee  of the board of
directors) of the Borrower by  independent  accountants  in connection  with the
accounts  or books of the  Borrower  or any  Subsidiary,  or any audit of any of
them;

     (c) promptly  after the same are  available,  copies of each annual report,
proxy or  financial  statement  or other  report  or  communication  sent to the
stockholders of the Borrower,  and copies of all annual,  regular,  periodic and
special reports and  registration  statements  which the Borrower may file or be
required  to file  with the SEC  under  Section  13 or  15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange  Act of  1934,  and  not  otherwise  required  to be  delivered  to the
Administrative Agent pursuant hereto;

     (d)  promptly  after the  furnishing  thereof,  copies of any  statement or
report  furnished  to any  holder of debt  securities  of any Loan  Party or any
Subsidiary  thereof  pursuant to the terms of any  indenture,  loan or credit or
similar  agreement  and not  otherwise  required to be  furnished to the Lenders
pursuant to SECTION 6.01 or any other clause of this SECTION 6.02;

     (e)  promptly,  and in any event within five  Business  Days after  receipt
thereof by any Loan Party or any  Subsidiary  thereof,  copies of each notice or
other  correspondence  received  from  the  SEC  (or  comparable  agency  in any
applicable  non-U.S.  jurisdiction)  concerning  any  investigation  or possible
investigation  or other  inquiry by such  agency  regarding  financial  or other
operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; and

     (f) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial
or corporate  affairs of the Borrower or any Subsidiary,  or compliance with the
terms of the Loan Documents,  as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from
time to time reasonably request.

                                      S-67
<PAGE>

     Documents  required to be delivered  pursuant to SECTION  6.01(A) or (B) or
SECTION  6.02(C) (to the extent any such  documents  are  included in  materials
otherwise  filed  with  the  SEC)  may  be  delivered  electronically  and if so
delivered,  shall be deemed to have been  delivered on the date (i) on which the
Borrower  posts such  documents,  or provides a link  thereto on the  Borrower's
website on the Internet at the website address listed on SCHEDULE 10.02; or (ii)
on which such  documents are posted on the  Borrower's  behalf on an Internet or
intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have
access (whether a commercial,  third-party  website or whether  sponsored by the
Administrative  Agent);  PROVIDED  that:  (i) the Borrower  shall  deliver paper
copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests
the  Borrower  to deliver  such paper  copies  until a written  request to cease
delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative  Agent or such Lender and
(ii) the  Borrower  shall  notify the  Administrative  Agent and each Lender (by
telecopier or electronic  mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide
to the Administrative  Agent by electronic mail electronic  versions (I.E., soft
copies)  of such  documents.  Except for  Compliance  Certificates  required  by
SECTION 6.02(A),  the  Administrative  Agent shall have no obligation to request
the delivery or to maintain  copies of the documents  referred to above,  and in
any event shall have no  responsibility  to monitor  compliance  by the Borrower
with any such request for delivery,  and each Lender shall be solely responsible
for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

     The Borrower hereby  acknowledges that (a) the Administrative  Agent and/or
the Arranger  will make  available  to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer  materials
and/or  information   provided  by  or  on  behalf  of  the  Borrower  hereunder
(collectively,  "BORROWER  Materials")  by posting  the  Borrower  Materials  on
IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the "PLATFORM") and (b) certain
of the Lenders may be "public-side"  Lenders (I.E.,  Lenders that do not wish to
receive  material  non-public  information  with  respect to the Borrower or its
securities)  (each, a "PUBLIC LENDER").  The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all
Borrower  Materials  that are to be made  available to Public  Lenders  shall be
clearly and conspicuously  marked "PUBLIC" which, at a minimum,  shall mean that
the word "PUBLIC"  shall appear  prominently  on the first page thereof;  (x) by
marking  Borrower  Materials  "PUBLIC,"  the  Borrower  shall be  deemed to have
authorized  the  Administrative  Agent,  the  Arranger,  the L/C  Issuer and the
Lenders  to  treat  such  Borrower  Materials  as not  containing  any  material
non-public  information  with  respect to the  Borrower  or its  securities  for
purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,
that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be
treated  as set forth in  Section  10.07);  (y) all  Borrower  Materials  marked
"PUBLIC" are  permitted to be made  available  through a portion of the Platform
designated "Public Investor;" and (z) the Administrative  Agent and the Arranger
shall be entitled to treat any Borrower  Materials that are not marked  "PUBLIC"
as being  suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not  designated
"Public Investor."

     6.03. NOTICES. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of:

     (a) the occurrence of any Default;

     (b) any matter that has resulted or could  reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any

                                      S-68
<PAGE>

default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;  (ii)
any dispute,  litigation,  investigation,  proceeding or suspension  between the
Borrower  or any  Subsidiary  and  any  Governmental  Authority;  or  (iii)  the
commencement  of, or any material  development  in, any litigation or proceeding
affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary,  including  pursuant to any applicable
Environmental Laws;

     (c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event;

     (d) any  material  change in  accounting  policies or  financial  reporting
practices by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and

     (e) the  determination by the Registered  Public  Accounting Firm providing
the  opinion  required  under  SECTION   6.01(A)(II)  (in  connection  with  its
preparation of such opinion) or the Borrower's  determination at any time of the
occurrence or existence of any Internal Control Event.

     Each  notice  pursuant  to this  SECTION  6.03  shall be  accompanied  by a
statement of a Responsible  Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the
occurrence  referred to therein and stating  what action the  Borrower has taken
and  proposes to take with  respect  thereto.  Each  notice  pursuant to SECTION
6.03(A)  shall  describe  with  particularity  any  and all  provisions  of this
Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached.

     6.04.  PAYMENT OF  OBLIGATIONS.  Pay and discharge as the same shall become
due and payable,  all its  obligations  and  liabilities,  including (a) all tax
liabilities,  assessments  and  governmental  charges  or levies  upon it or its
properties  or  assets,  unless  the same are being  contested  in good faith by
appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance
with GAAP are being  maintained  by the  Borrower  or such  Subsidiary;  (b) all
lawful  claims which,  if unpaid,  would by law become a Lien upon its property;
and (c) all  Indebtedness,  as and  when due and  payable,  but  subject  to any
subordination  provisions  contained in any  instrument or agreement  evidencing
such Indebtedness.

     6.05. PRESERVATION OF EXISTENCE,  ETC. (a) Preserve,  renew and maintain in
full force and effect its legal  existence and good  standing  under the Laws of
the  jurisdiction  of its  organization  except in a  transaction  permitted  by
SECTION  7.04 or 7.05;  (b) take all  reasonable  action to maintain all rights,
privileges,  permits,  licenses  and  franchises  necessary  or desirable in the
normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect;  and (c) preserve
or renew all of its  registered  patents,  trademarks,  trade  names and service
marks,  the  non-preservation  of which could  reasonably  be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

     6.06. MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTIES. (a) Maintain,  preserve and protect all of
its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business
in good working order and condition,  ordinary wear and tear excepted;  (b) make
all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where
the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect;  and  (c) use  the  standard  of care  typical  in the  industry  in the
operation and maintenance of its facilities.

                                      S-69
<PAGE>

     6.07.  MAINTENANCE  OF  INSURANCE.  Maintain  with  financially  sound  and
reputable  insurance  companies not  Affiliates of the Borrower,  insurance with
respect  to its  properties  and  business  against  loss or damage of the kinds
customarily  insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business,
of such types and in such amounts(after  giving effect to any insurance coverage
from CM Insurance Company,  Inc. compatible with the following standards) as are
customarily  carried  under  similar  circumstances  by such other  Persons  and
providing for not less than 30 days' prior notice to the Administrative Agent of
termination, lapse or cancellation of such insurance.

     6.08.  COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAWS,  ORGANIZATIONAL  DOCUMENTS  AND  CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS.  Comply in all material  respects with the requirements of all Laws
and all  orders,  writs,  injunctions  and  decrees  applicable  to it or to its
business or property,  except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of
Law or order,  writ,  injunction  or decree is being  contested in good faith by
appropriate  proceedings  diligently  conducted;  or (b) the  failure  to comply
therewith  could not reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse  Effect.
Comply with all  Organization  Documents and, except where the failure to comply
therewith  could not reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse  Effect,
all material Contractual Obligations.

     6.09.  BOOKS AND RECORDS.  (a) Maintain proper books of record and account,
in which full,  true and correct  entries in conformity  with GAAP  consistently
applied shall be made of all financial  transactions  and matters  involving the
assets and business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary,  as the case may be; and
(b) maintain  such books of record and account in material  conformity  with all
applicable   requirements  of  any  Governmental   Authority  having  regulatory
jurisdiction over the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.

     6.10. INSPECTION RIGHTS. Permit representatives and independent contractors
of the  Administrative  Agent and each  Lender to visit and  inspect  any of its
properties, to examine its corporate,  financial and operating records, and make
copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs,  finances and
accounts with its directors,  officers, and independent public accountants,  all
at the  expense of the  Borrower  and at such  reasonable  times  during  normal
business  hours  and as  often as may be  reasonably  desired,  upon  reasonable
advance notice to the Borrower; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that when an Event of Default
exists  the  Administrative  Agent or any  Lender  (or any of  their  respective
representatives  or independent  contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the
expense of the  Borrower at any time during  normal  business  hours and without
advance notice.

     6.11.  USE OF PROCEEDS.  Use the proceeds of the Credit  Extensions for (a)
general corporate purposes,  including working capital, capital expenditures and
other lawful corporate purposes,  (b) to refinance  Indebtedness  existing as of
the Closing Date, (c) to finance acquisitions permitted pursuant to Section 7.02
and (d) to repurchase the Senior Notes, Senior  Subordinated  Notes,  Additional
Subordinated  Indebtedness and other Indebtedness for borrowed money, so long as
such  Indebtedness  and such  repurchases  are  otherwise  permitted  under this
Agreement,  and not for any other purpose or in  contravention  of any Law or of
any Loan Document.

     6.12. ADDITIONAL  GUARANTORS AND PLEDGORS.  Notify the Administrative Agent
at the time that any Person becomes a Subsidiary and promptly thereafter (and in

                                      S-70
<PAGE>

any  event  within  30  days),  (a)  unless  such  Person  is not a  Significant
Subsidiary  of any Loan Party or, if such  Subsidiary  is a Foreign  Subsidiary,
executing a Guaranty would result in a materially adverse tax consequence to the
Loan  Parties or such  Subsidiary,  cause such Person to become a  Guarantor  by
executing  and  delivering  to the  Administrative  Agent a  counterpart  of the
Guaranty  or  such  other  document  as  the  Administrative  Agent  shall  deem
appropriate for such purpose,  (b) if such Subsidiary is a Significant  Domestic
Subsidiary or a first-tier Foreign Subsidiary,  the parent entity of such Person
shall  pledge the equity of such  Subsidiary  as security  for the  Obligations;
PROVIDED THAT, with respect to Foreign Subsidiaries, such equity pledge shall be
limited to 65% of the capital stock of such Foreign Subsidiary to the extent the
pledge  of  any  greater   percentage  would  result  in  material  adverse  tax
consequences  to  any  Loan  Party,  (c)  deliver  to the  Administrative  Agent
documents  of the types  referred to in clauses (v) and (vi) of SECTION  4.01(A)
and favorable opinions of counsel to such Person (which shall cover, among other
things,  the  legality,  validity,  binding  effect  and  enforceability  of the
documentation  referred  to in clauses  (a) and (b)),  all in form,  content and
scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

     6.13. MORTGAGES. The Obligations shall be secured by Mortgages upon (i) all
fee real estate assets of the Loan Parties  located in the United States,  other
than the real  estate  located  at 1113  South  Greenwood  Avenue,  Chattanooga,
Tennessee and the property located at Allin Street, Chattanooga,  Tennessee, and
(ii)  material  leasehold  real estate  assets of the Loan Parties  described on
SCHEDULE  6.13.  If any Loan Party  acquires  any fee or  leasehold  real estate
interest  after the Closing Date, it shall  promptly  notify the  Administrative
Agent  thereof  and  shall,  if such  real  estate  interest  is  deemed  by the
Administrative  Agent to be  material,  execute,  deliver  and record a Mortgage
sufficient to create a first priority Lien in favor of  Administrative  Agent on
such real  estate,  and shall  deliver all  Related  Real  Estate  Documents  in
connection  therewith  that may be required by the  Administrative  Agent in its
reasonable discretion.

     6.14. POST-CLOSING  DELIVERIES.  On or before April 16, 2006, or such later
date as may be agreed, in writing, by the Administrative  Agent,  deliver to the
Administrative Agent:

     (a) confirmations  assignments or amendments,  as the case may be, executed
by  the  Borrower  and/or  the  Guarantors,  as  applicable,  and  filed  in the
appropriate foreign  jurisdictions,  each in form and substance  satisfactory to
the Administrative  Agent and its counsel,  of the share pledges by the Borrower
or the relevant  Guarantor of the equity interests of such entity in each of (a)
Audubon  Europe,  (b)  Yale  Industrial  Products  GmbH,  (c)  Larco  Industrial
Services,  Inc., (d) Societe  D'Exploitation Des Raccords Gautier,  (e) Univeyor
A/S and (f) Columbus McKinnon Ltd.;

     (b) amendments to each of the Mortgages, in form and substance suitable for
filing within applicable real estate records and otherwise in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative  Agent and a bringdown to the Closing Date of
the title  insurance  policy  covering each Mortgage for which a title insurance
policy is in place prior to the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent; and

     (c) a favorable opinion of Linklaters  Loesch,  Luxembourg local counsel to
Audubon Europe regarding each of the Loan Documents to which Audubon Europe is a
party.

                                      S-71
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VII.
                               NEGATIVE COVENANTS

     So long as any Lender  shall  have any  Commitment  hereunder,  any Loan or
other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied,  or any Letter of
Credit shall remain outstanding, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any
Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:

     7.01. LIENS. Create,  incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of
its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other
than the following:

     (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;

     (b) Liens  existing on the date hereof and listed on SCHEDULE  7.01 and any
renewals or extensions  thereof,  PROVIDED that (i) the property covered thereby
is not changed,  (ii) the amount  secured or benefited  thereby is not increased
except as  contemplated by SECTION  7.03(B),  (iii) the direct or any contingent
obligor with respect  thereto is not changed,  and (iv) any renewal or extension
of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by SECTION 7.03(B);

     (c) Liens for taxes not yet due or which are being  contested in good faith
and by appropriate  proceedings diligently conducted,  if adequate reserves with
respect  thereto  are  maintained  on the  books  of the  applicable  Person  in
accordance with GAAP;

     (d) carriers', warehousemen's,  mechanics',  materialmen's,  repairmen's or
other  like Liens  arising  in the  ordinary  course of  business  which are not
overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being  contested  in good
faith and by appropriate  proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves
with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person;

     (e) pledges or deposits in the  ordinary  course of business in  connection
with workers'  compensation,  unemployment  insurance and other social  security
legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA;

     (f) deposits to secure the performance of bids,  trade contracts and leases
(other  than  Indebtedness),  statutory  obligations,  surety and appeal  bonds,
performance  bonds  and  other  obligations  of a like  nature  incurred  in the
ordinary course of business;

     (g) easements,  rights-of-way,  restrictions and other similar encumbrances
affecting real property which, in the aggregate,  are not substantial in amount,
and which do not in any case  materially  detract from the value of the property
subject  thereto  or  materially  interfere  with the  ordinary  conduct  of the
business of the applicable Person;

     (h) Liens securing  judgments for the payment of money not  constituting an
Event of Default under SECTION 8.01(H);

     (i) Liens securing Indebtedness  permitted under SECTION 7.03(E);  PROVIDED
that (i) such  Liens do not at any time  encumber  any  property  other than the

                                      S-72
<PAGE>

property financed by such Indebtedness and (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby
does not  exceed  the cost or fair  market  value,  whichever  is lower,  of the
property being acquired on the date of acquisition; and

     (j) second  priority  Liens on the  Collateral  in favor of the Senior Note
Indenture  Trustee under any of the Senior Note  Documents  which are subject to
the Intercreditor  Agreement and junior in priority to the Liens in favor of the
Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents.

     7.02. INVESTMENTS. Make any Investments, except:

     (a) Investments held by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of cash
equivalents or short-term marketable debt securities;

     (b)  Investments  of the  Borrower  and/or its  Subsidiaries  in any of the
Borrower's  Subsidiaries which are not Domestic Subsidiaries;  PROVIDED that the
aggregate amount of such Investments made after the Closing Date does not exceed
$10,000,000;

     (c)  advances to  officers,  directors  and  employees  of the Borrower and
Subsidiaries  in an  aggregate  amount  not  to  exceed  $500,000  at  any  time
outstanding,  for  travel,  entertainment,  relocation  and  analogous  ordinary
business purposes;

     (d)  Investments  of the Borrower in any Guarantor and  Investments  of any
Subsidiary in the Borrower or in another Guarantor;

     (e)  Investments  consisting  of  extensions  of  credit  in the  nature of
accounts  receivable or notes receivable  arising from the grant of trade credit
in the ordinary course of business,  and Investments received in satisfaction or
partial  satisfaction  thereof from financially  troubled account debtors to the
extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss;

     (f) Guarantees permitted by SECTION 7.03;

     (g) Investments held in the investment  portfolio of CM Insurance  Company,
Inc.  of the type and in  amounts  in the  ordinary  course  of  business  of CM
Insurance Company, Inc. and consistent with past practices; and

     (h) other Investments not exceeding $25,000,000 in the aggregate during the
term of this Agreement.

     7.03.   INDEBTEDNESS.   Create,  incur,  assume  or  suffer  to  exist  any
Indebtedness, except:

     (a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

     (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on SCHEDULE 7.03
and any refinancings,  refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; PROVIDED that
(i) the  amount  of  such  Indebtedness  is not  increased  at the  time of such
refinancing,  refunding,  renewal or  extension  except by an amount  equal to a
reasonable  premium  or other  reasonable  amount  paid,  and fees and  expenses
reasonably incurred,  in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal
to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (ii) the terms relating to

                                      S-73
<PAGE>

principal amount, amortization,  maturity, collateral (if any) and subordination
(if any), and other material  terms taken as a whole,  of any such  refinancing,
refunding, renewing or extending Indebtedness, and of any agreement entered into
and of any instrument issued in connection  therewith,  are no less favorable in
any  material  respect to the Loan  Parties or the Lenders than the terms of any
agreement or instrument  governing the Indebtedness being refinanced,  refunded,
renewed or extended and the interest rate  applicable  to any such  refinancing,
refunding,   renewing  or  extending  Indebtedness  does  not  exceed  the  then
applicable market interest rate;

     (c) Guarantees of the Borrower or any Guarantor in respect of  Indebtedness
otherwise permitted hereunder of the Borrower or any other Guarantor;

     (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary
existing or arising under any Swap Contract,  provided that (i) such obligations
are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for
the  purpose  of  directly   mitigating  risks   associated  with   liabilities,
commitments,  investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by
such Person,  or changes in the value of securities  issued by such Person,  and
not for purposes of  speculation  or taking a "market  view;" and (ii) such Swap
Contract does not contain any provision  exonerating  the  non-defaulting  party
from  its  obligation  to  make  payments  on  outstanding  transactions  to the
defaulting party;

     (e)  Indebtedness of the Borrower in respect of capital  leases,  Synthetic
Lease  Obligations  and purchase money  obligations  for fixed or capital assets
within the limitations set forth in SECTION 7.01(I); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
aggregate amount of all such  Indebtedness at any one time outstanding shall not
exceed $6,000,000;

     (f) Additional Subordinated Indebtedness;

     (g)  intercompany  loans among the Borrower and the Loan Parties  which are
Guarantors; provided, that (i) the Investment corresponding to such Indebtedness
is permitted  pursuant to SECTION 7.02 hereof,  (ii) such  intercompany  loan is
evidenced by a promissory  note,  (iii) such  promissory  note is pledged to the
Administrative Agent as security, and (iv) there are no restrictions  whatsoever
on the ability of the applicable Loan Party to repay such loan;

     (h) Indebtedness of any Foreign  Subsidiary of the Borrower in an aggregate
amount for all such Indebtedness not to exceed the local currency equivalent (as
determined  by the  Administrative  Agent form time to time by  reference to the
Exchange  Rate) of  $30,000,000  in the  aggregate at any one time  outstanding;
PROVIDED THAT (i) the proceeds of such Indebtedness are used for working capital
needs,  capital  expenditures  and the acquisition of assets or equity interests
permitted pursuant to SECTION 7.02, (ii) such Indebtedness is incurred solely by
such Foreign Subsidiary, (iii) such Indebtedness is either unsecured or, if such
Foreign  Subsidiary  is not a  Guarantor  is secured  only by the assets of such
Foreign Subsidiary and (iv) except as permitted under SECTION 7.02(B) or SECTION
7.02(H),  no  guaranty  or other  credit  support of any kind is provided by any
Person  (including,   without  limitation,  any  Loan  Party)  of  or  for  such
Indebtedness or any holder  thereof;  and provided,  further,  that the Borrower
shall notify the Administrative  Agent in writing in advance prior to permitting
such Foreign Subsidiary to incur any Indebtedness under this SECTION 7.03(H);

                                      S-74
<PAGE>

     (i)  Indebtedness of the Borrower in an aggregate  principal  amount not to
exceed $70,256,000, evidenced by or incurred under the Senior Note Documents;

     (j)  Indebtedness of the Borrower in an aggregate  principal  amount not to
exceed $136,000,000, evidenced by or incurred under the Senior Subordinated Note
Documents; and

     (k) other unsecured  Indebtedness in a principal amount  outstanding at any
one time not exceeding $10,000,000.

     7.04. FUNDAMENTAL CHANGES. Merge, dissolve, liquidate,  consolidate with or
into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of
transactions)  all or  substantially  all of its  assets  (whether  now owned or
hereafter  acquired) to or in favor of any Person,  except  that,  so long as no
Default exists or would result therefrom:

     (a) any  Subsidiary  may merge  with (i) the  Borrower,  PROVIDED  that the
Borrower  shall be the continuing or surviving  Person,  or (ii) any one or more
other  Subsidiaries,  PROVIDED  that when any  Guarantor is merging with another
Subsidiary,  the Guarantor  shall be the  continuing or surviving  Person or the
surviving Person shall become a Guarantor; and

     (b) any  Subsidiary may Dispose of all or  substantially  all of its assets
(upon  voluntary  liquidation  or  otherwise)  to  the  Borrower  or to  another
Subsidiary;  PROVIDED  that  if  the  transferor  in  such  a  transaction  is a
Guarantor,  then the  transferee  must either be the  Borrower or a Guarantor or
become a Guarantor.

     7.05.  DISPOSITIONS.  Make any  Disposition  or enter into any agreement to
make any Disposition, except:

     (a)  Dispositions  of obsolete or worn out  property,  whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business;

     (b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business;

     (c)  Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such
property  is  exchanged  for  credit  against  the  purchase  price  of  similar
replacement  property or (ii) the proceeds of such  Disposition  are  reasonably
promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;

     (d)  Dispositions  of property by any  Subsidiary  to the  Borrower or to a
wholly-owned  Subsidiary;  PROVIDED that if the transferor of such property is a
Guarantor,  the transferee thereof must either be the Borrower or a Guarantor or
become a Guarantor;

     (e) Dispositions permitted by SECTION 7.04;

     (f) other than as set forth on SCHEDULE 7.05,  non-exclusive licenses of IP
Rights in the ordinary course of business and substantially consistent with past
practice for terms not exceeding five years;

                                      S-75
<PAGE>

     (g)  Dispositions  by the  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries  not  otherwise
permitted  under  this  SECTION  7.05;  PROVIDED  that  (i) at the  time of such
Disposition,  no Default shall exist or would result from such  Disposition  and
(ii) the  aggregate  book value of all property  Disposed of in reliance on this
clause (g) in any fiscal year shall not exceed $2,000,000; and

     (h)  Dispositions  of the real  property  owned by the Loan  Parties on the
Closing Date and located in (i) Forrest City, Arkansas and (ii) Charlotte, North
Carolina.

     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any Disposition pursuant to clauses (a) through (h)
shall be for fair market value.

     7.06.  RESTRICTED  PAYMENTS.  Declare or make, directly or indirectly,  any
Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation  (contingent or otherwise) to do so,
except that,  so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the
time of any action described below or would result therefrom:

     (a) each  Subsidiary  may make  Restricted  Payments to the  Borrower,  the
Guarantors and any other Person that owns an Equity Interest in such Subsidiary,
ratably according to their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in
respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made;

     (b) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments
or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other common Equity
Interests of such Person;

     (c) the  Borrower and each  Subsidiary  may  purchase,  redeem or otherwise
acquire  Equity  Interests  issued  by it with the  proceeds  received  from the
substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its common stock or other common
Equity Interests;

     (d) payments with respect to any intercompany  loan permitted under SECTION
7.03(G);

     (e) the Borrower may (i) declare or pay cash dividends to its  stockholders
and (ii) purchase,  redeem or otherwise acquire for cash Equity Interests issued
by it so long as, in each case,  after giving  effect  thereto (A) no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is  continuing  or would result  therefrom and
(B) the aggregate amount of such dividends, purchases, redemptions,  retirements
and  acquisitions  paid or made during any calendar year would not exceed 25% of
Consolidated Net Income for such year;

     (f) the Borrower may make (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default has
occurred  and is  continuing  or would  result  therefrom,  regularly  scheduled
payments of  interest  (but not  principal  or premium) in respect of the Senior
Subordinated Notes and Additional Subordinated  Indebtedness on the dates and in
the amounts set forth in the  applicable  Subordinated  Note Documents or in the
documents evidencing the Additional Subordinated  Indebtedness,  as the case may
be, and (ii)  prepayments  or  purchases  of  principal in respect of the Senior
Subordinated Notes or Additional  Subordinated  Indebtedness,  so long as (A) no
Default or Event of Default  has  occurred  and is  continuing  or would  result
therefrom,  (B) the Fixed Charge  Coverage Ratio as of the fiscal quarter of the

                                      S-76
<PAGE>

Borrower most recently then ended  (calculated on a pro forma basis after giving
effect  to the  making of such  prepayment  or  purchase)  will not be less than
1.25:1,  (C)  the  Borrower  has  provided  the  Administrative   Agent  with  a
certificate no later than the date of such payment  evidencing  compliance  with
the  requirements  set forth in the  foregoing  clauses  (A) and (B) and (D) the
amount of such  prepayments  in  respect of the  Senior  Subordinated  Notes and
Additional  Subordinated  Indebtedness  shall  not  exceed  $50,000,000  in  the
aggregate from and after the Closing Date; and

     (g) the Borrower may make (i) regularly scheduled payments of interest (but
not principal or premium) in respect of the Senior Notes on the dates and in the
amounts set forth in the applicable  Senior Note  Documents,  as the case may be
and (ii)  prepayments  or purchases of principal in respect of the Senior Notes,
so long as no Default or Event of Default  has  occurred  and is  continuing  or
would result therefrom, which such prepayments may be made, but are not required
to be made, with the proceeds of Additional Subordinated Indebtedness.

     7.07. CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS. Engage in any material line of business
substantially  different from those lines of business  conducted by the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business substantially related or
incidental thereto.

     7.08. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES.  Enter into any transaction of any kind
with any  Affiliate of the  Borrower,  whether or not in the ordinary  course of
business,  other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to
the Borrower or such  Subsidiary  as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such
Subsidiary at the time in a comparable  arm's length  transaction  with a Person
other than an Affiliate.

     7.09.  BURDENSOME  AGREEMENTS.  Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 7.09, enter
into any  Contractual  Obligation  (other than this  Agreement or any other Loan
Document) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any  Subsidiary to make  Restricted
Payments to the Borrower or any Guarantor or to otherwise  transfer  property to
the  Borrower  or  any  Guarantor,  (ii)  of any  Subsidiary  to  Guarantee  the
Indebtedness  of the  Borrower  or (iii) of the  Borrower or any  Subsidiary  to
create,  incur,  assume or suffer to exist  Liens on  property  of such  Person;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that this clause (iii) shall not prohibit any negative pledge
incurred  or  provided in favor of any holder of  Indebtedness  permitted  under
SECTION  7.03(E)  solely to the extent any such negative  pledge  relates to the
property  financed by or the subject of such  Indebtedness;  or (b) requires the
grant of a Lien to secure an  obligation  of such Person if a Lien is granted to
secure another obligation of such Person.

     7.10. USE OF PROCEEDS.  Use the proceeds of any Credit  Extension,  whether
directly or indirectly, and whether immediately,  incidentally or ultimately, to
purchase or carry margin stock  (within the meaning of  Regulation U of the FRB)
or to extend credit to others for the purpose of  purchasing or carrying  margin
stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose.

     7.11. FINANCIAL COVENANTS.

     (a) MINIMUM FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE  RATIO.  Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio at any time during any period of four  consecutive  fiscal quarters of the
Borrower to be less than 1.25:1.

                                      S-77
<PAGE>

     (b) MAXIMUM SENIOR LEVERAGE RATIO.  Permit the Senior Leverage Ratio at any
time during any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower to be
greater than 3.00:1.

     7.12.  MODIFICATIONS  OF CERTAIN  DOCUMENTS;  DESIGNATION  OF SENIOR  DEBT.
Consent  to  any  amendment  or  modification  of or  supplement  to  any of the
provisions  of any  documents or  agreements  evidencing or governing the Senior
Subordinated Notes, any other existing  Indebtedness set forth on SCHEDULE 7.03,
or the Senior Notes.  The Loan Parties will  designate the Credit  Agreement and
the Obligations  hereunder as "Designated Senior  Indebtedness" under the Senior
Subordinated Note Indenture, and will not designate any other Indebtedness other
than the Senior Notes as "Designated Senior Debt" under the Senior  Subordinated
Note  Indenture.  The Loan Parties will  designate the Credit  Agreement and the
Obligations  hereunder as "Senior Indebtedness" under the Senior Note Indenture,
and will not designate any other Indebtedness as "Senior Indebtedness" under the
Senior Note Indenture.

     7.13. SALE-LEASEBACK  TRANSACTIONS.  Directly or indirectly, enter into any
arrangements  with any Person  whereby  such Person  shall sell or transfer  (or
request another Person to purchase) any property,  real, personal or mixed, used
or  useful  in its  business,  whether  now  owned or  hereafter  acquired,  and
thereafter rent or lease such property from any Person.

                                 ARTICLE VIII.
                         EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

     8.01. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.  Any of the following shall constitute an Event of
Default:

     (a) NON-PAYMENT. The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when
and as required to be paid  herein,  any amount of  principal of any Loan or any
L/C  Obligation,  or (ii)  within  three days after the same  becomes  due,  any
interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder or (iii)
within five days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable  hereunder
or under any other Loan Document; or

     (b) SPECIFIC COVENANTS.  The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term,
covenant or agreement  contained in any of SECTION 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.05, 6.06,
6.07, 6.10, 6.11, 6.12 or 6.13 or ARTICLE VII; or

     (c) OTHER  DEFAULTS.  Any Loan Party  fails to perform or observe any other
covenant or agreement (not  specified in subsection (a) or (b) above)  contained
in any Loan  Document on its part to be  performed  or observed and such failure
continues for 30 days; or

     (d)   REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES.   Any   representation,   warranty,
certification  or  statement  of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the
Borrower or any other Loan Party herein,  in any other Loan Document,  or in any
document  delivered in  connection  herewith or therewith  shall be incorrect or
misleading when made or deemed made; or

     (e) CROSS-DEFAULT. (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any
payment  when  due  (whether  by  scheduled   maturity,   required   prepayment,
acceleration,  demand,  or  otherwise)  in  respect of any (x)  Indebtedness  or
Guarantee  (other  than  Indebtedness  hereunder  and  Indebtedness  under  Swap

                                      S-78
<PAGE>

Contracts) having an aggregate  principal amount (including undrawn committed or
available  amounts  and  including  amounts  owing to all  creditors  under  any
combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or
(y)  Material  Rental  Obligation,  (B) fails to observe  or  perform  any other
agreement  or  condition  relating  to any such  Indebtedness,  Material  Rental
Obligation or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement  evidencing,
securing or relating  thereto,  or any other event  occurs,  the effect of which
default or other  event is to (x)  cause,  or to permit the holder or holders of
such  Indebtedness or the beneficiary or  beneficiaries  of such Material Rental
Obligation  or  Guarantee  (or a trustee  or agent on  behalf of such  holder or
holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) (y) cause, with the giving of notice if
required,  such  Indebtedness or Material Rental Obligation to be demanded or to
become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or
otherwise),  or  an  offer  to  repurchase,   prepay,  defease  or  redeem  such
Indebtedness  to be made,  prior to its stated  maturity,  or such  Guarantee to
become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded or (z) cause
or permit  the lease with  respect  to any  Material  Rental  Obligation  of the
Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  to be  terminated  prior to its  scheduled
expiration  date;  or (ii)  there  occurs  under  any  Swap  Contract  an  Early
Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event
of default under such Swap  Contract as to which the Borrower or any  Subsidiary
is the  Defaulting  Party  (as  defined  in  such  Swap  Contract)  or  (B)  any
Termination  Event (as so  defined)  under  such Swap  Contract  as to which the
Borrower or any  Subsidiary is an Affected  Party (as so defined) and, in either
event, the Swap  Termination  Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a
result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or

     (f) INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS,  ETC. Any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
institutes or consents to the  institution  of any  proceeding  under any Debtor
Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors;  or applies for
or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator,
liquidator,  rehabilitator  or similar officer for it or for all or any material
part  of  its  property;  or  any  receiver,  trustee,  custodian,  conservator,
liquidator,   rehabilitator   or  similar  officer  is  appointed   without  the
application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged
or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding  under any Debtor Relief Law
relating to any such Person or to all or any  material  part of its  property is
instituted  without  the  consent of such Person and  continues  undismissed  or
unstayed  for 60  calendar  days,  or an order for relief is entered in any such
proceeding; or

     (g) INABILITY TO PAY DEBTS; ATTACHMENT.  (i) The Borrower or any Subsidiary
becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails  generally to pay its
debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution
or similar  process is issued or levied  against all or any material part of the
property of any such Person and is not released,  vacated or fully bonded within
30 days after its issue or levy; or

     (h) JUDGMENTS.  There is entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i)
one or more final  judgments  or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate
amount (as to all such judgments or orders)  exceeding the Threshold  Amount (to
the extent not covered by CM Insurance Company, Inc. or independent  third-party
insurance as to which CM Insurance Company, Inc. or such third-party insurer, as
the  case  may  be,  does  not  dispute  coverage),  or  (ii)  any  one or  more
non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have,

                                      S-79
<PAGE>

individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case,
(A) enforcement  proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or
order,  or (B) there is a period of 30  consecutive  days during which a stay of
enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not
in effect; or

     (i) ERISA.  (i) An ERISA  Event  occurs with  respect to a Pension  Plan or
Multiemployer  Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result
in  liability  of the  Borrower  under  Title IV of ERISA to the  Pension  Plan,
Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold
Amount, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after
the  expiration of any applicable  grace period,  any  installment  payment with
respect  to its  withdrawal  liability  under  Section  4201  of  ERISA  under a
Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount;

     (j) INVALIDITY OF LOAN  DOCUMENTS.  Any provision of any Loan Document,  at
any time after its  execution  and  delivery  and for any  reason  other than as
expressly  permitted  hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the
Obligations,  ceases to be in full  force and  effect;  or any Loan Party or any
other  Person  contests  in any manner the  validity  or  enforceability  of any
provision  of any Loan  Document;  or any Loan Party  denies  that it has any or
further liability or obligation under any Loan Document,  or purports to revoke,
terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or

     (k) CHANGE OF CONTROL. There occurs any Change of Control; or

     (l) INVALIDITY OF LIENS.  Any of the following  shall occur:  (i) the Liens
created  hereunder  or under the other Loan  Documents  shall at any time (other
than by reason of the  Administrative  Agent  relinquishing  such Lien) cease to
constitute  valid and perfected  Liens on any Collateral  with an aggregate fair
market value in excess of $500,000 which is intended to be covered thereby other
than with the consent, in writing, of the Administrative  Agent; (ii) except for
expiration in accordance with its respective  terms, any Loan Document shall for
whatever  reason be  terminated,  or shall  cease to be in full force and effect
other than with the consent, in writing,  of the Administrative  Agent; or (iii)
the  enforceability  of any Loan Document  shall be contested by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries.

     8.02. REMEDIES UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default occurs and is
continuing,  the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the
consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:

     (a) declare the  commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation
of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such
commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

     (b) declare  the unpaid  principal  amount of all  outstanding  Loans,  all
interest  accrued and unpaid  thereon,  and all other  amounts  owing or payable
hereunder or under any other Loan  Document to be  immediately  due and payable,
without presentment,  demand,  protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower;

                                      S-80
<PAGE>

     (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an
amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and

     (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights
and  remedies  available  to it, the Lenders  and the L/C Issuer  under the Loan
Documents;

     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of
an order for relief with respect to the Borrower  under the  Bankruptcy  Code of
the  United  States,  the  obligation  of  each  Lender  to make  Loans  and any
obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit  Extensions shall  automatically
terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest
and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically  become due and payable,  and
the  obligation of the Borrower to Cash  Collateralize  the L/C  Obligations  as
aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act
of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

     8.03.  APPLICATION OF FUNDS. After the exercise of remedies provided for in
SECTION 8.02 (or after the Loans have  automatically  become immediately due and
payable and the L/C  Obligations  have  automatically  been  required to be Cash
Collateralized  as set  forth in the  proviso  to  SECTION  8.02),  any  amounts
received on account of the  Obligations  shall be applied by the  Administrative
Agent in the following order:

     FIRST,  to payment of that portion of the  Obligations  constituting  fees,
indemnities,   expenses  and  other  amounts   (including   fees,   charges  and
disbursements of counsel to the  Administrative  Agent and amounts payable under
ARTICLE III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;

     SECOND,  to payment of that portion of the Obligations  constituting  fees,
indemnities  and other  amounts  (other than  principal,  interest and Letter of
Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees,  charges
and  disbursements  of counsel to the respective  Lenders and the L/C Issuer and
amounts  payable  under  ARTICLE  III),  ratably among them in proportion to the
respective amounts described in this clause SECOND payable to them;

     THIRD, to payment of that portion of the Obligations  constituting  accrued
and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans,  L/C  Borrowings and
other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to
the respective amounts described in this clause THIRD payable to them;

     FOURTH,  to payment of that  portion of the  Obligations  constituting  (i)
overdraft obligations,  fees, costs, charges,  expenses and other obligations in
respect  of  any  Swap  Contract,   cash  management  agreement  (including  ACH
transactions),  operating or deposit account, or other banking product from time
to time made available to the Loan Parties or any of their  Subsidiaries  by the
Administrative  Agent, the L/C Issuer,  cash management service  providers,  any
Lender or any of their Affiliates and (ii) unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C
Borrowings,  ratably  among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in  proportion to the
respective amounts described in this clause FOURTH held by them;

                                      S-81
<PAGE>

     FIFTH, to the  Administrative  Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer,  to
Cash  Collateralize  that portion of L/C Obligations  comprised of the aggregate
undrawn amount of Letters of Credit; and

     LAST,  the  balance,  if  any,  after  all of  the  Obligations  have  been
indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.

     Subject  to  SECTION  2.03(C),  amounts  used  to  Cash  Collateralize  the
aggregate  undrawn  amount of Letters of Credit  pursuant to clause  FIFTH above
shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur.
If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral  after all Letters of Credit
have either been fully drawn or expired,  such remaining amount shall be applied
to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.

                                  ARTICLE IX.
                              ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

     9.01.  APPOINTMENT  AND  AUTHORITY.  Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer
hereby  irrevocably  appoints  Bank  of  America  to act on  its  behalf  as the
Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes
the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such
powers as are  delegated  to the  Administrative  Agent by the  terms  hereof or
thereof,  together  with such  actions and powers as are  reasonably  incidental
thereto.  The  provisions  of this  Article  are solely  for the  benefit of the
Administrative  Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer,  and neither the Borrower
nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party  beneficiary  of any
of such provisions.

     9.02. RIGHTS AS A LENDER.  The Person serving as the  Administrative  Agent
hereunder  shall have the same rights and powers in its  capacity as a Lender as
any  other  Lender  and  may  exercise  the  same  as  though  it  were  not the
Administrative  Agent and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall, unless otherwise
expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person
serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual  capacity.  Such
Person and its  Affiliates may accept  deposits from,  lend money to, act as the
financial  advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in
any kind of business  with the  Borrower or any  Subsidiary  or other  Affiliate
thereof  as if such  Person  were not the  Administrative  Agent  hereunder  and
without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

     9.03. EXCULPATORY  PROVISIONS.  The Administrative Agent shall not have any
duties or obligations  except those  expressly set forth herein and in the other
Loan  Documents.   Without  limiting  the  generality  of  the  foregoing,   the
Administrative Agent:

     (a)  shall  not be  subject  to any  fiduciary  or  other  implied  duties,
regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

     (b) shall not have any duty to take any  discretionary  action or  exercise
any  discretionary  powers,  except  discretionary  rights and powers  expressly
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent
is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required  Lenders (or such
other number or  percentage  of the Lenders as shall be  expressly  provided for
herein or in the other Loan Documents),  PROVIDED that the Administrative  Agent

                                      S-82
<PAGE>

shall not be required to take any action that,  in its opinion or the opinion of
its  counsel,  may  expose  the  Administrative  Agent to  liability  or that is
contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; and

     (c) shall not,  except as expressly  set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to
disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that
is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent
or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.

     The  Administrative  Agent shall not be liable for any action  taken or not
taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the  Required  Lenders (or
such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary,  or as the
Administrative  Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary,  under the
circumstances  as provided in SECTIONS 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of
its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The Administrative  Agent shall
be  deemed  not to  have  knowledge  of any  Default  unless  and  until  notice
describing such Default is given to the Administrative  Agent by the Borrower, a
Lender or the L/C Issuer.

     The  Administrative  Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to
ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,  warranty or representation made in
or in  connection  with this  Agreement  or any other  Loan  Document,  (ii) the
contents of any  certificate,  report or other document  delivered  hereunder or
thereunder or in  connection  herewith or therewith,  (iii) the  performance  or
observance of any of the covenants,  agreements or other terms or conditions set
forth herein or therein or the  occurrence  of any Default,  (iv) the  validity,
enforceability,  effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement,  any other Loan
Document or any other agreement,  instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction
of any  condition  set forth in ARTICLE IV or  elsewhere  herein,  other than to
confirm   receipt  of  items   expressly   required  to  be   delivered  to  the
Administrative Agent.

     9.04. RELIANCE BY ADMINISTRATIVE  AGENT. The Administrative  Agent shall be
entitled to rely upon,  and shall not incur any liability for relying upon,  any
notice, request, certificate,  consent, statement, instrument, document or other
writing (including any electronic message,  Internet or intranet website posting
or other  distribution)  believed by it to be genuine  and to have been  signed,
sent or otherwise  authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative  Agent
also may rely upon any statement  made to it orally or by telephone and believed
by it to have been made by the proper Person,  and shall not incur any liability
for relying thereon.  In determining  compliance with any condition hereunder to
the making of a Loan,  or the issuance of a Letter of Credit,  that by its terms
must be  fulfilled  to the  satisfaction  of a  Lender  or the L/C  Issuer,  the
Administrative  Agent may presume that such  condition is  satisfactory  to such
Lender or the L/C Issuer  unless the  Administrative  Agent shall have  received
notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of
such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may
consult with legal  counsel (who may be counsel for the  Borrower),  independent
accountants  and other  experts  selected by it, and shall not be liable for any
action  taken or not  taken by it in  accordance  with  the  advice  of any such
counsel, accountants or experts.

     9.05.  DELEGATION OF DUTIES. The  Administrative  Agent may perform any and
all of its duties and  exercise  its  rights and powers  hereunder  or under any

                                      S-83
<PAGE>

other Loan  Document by or through any one or more  sub-agents  appointed by the
Administrative  Agent.  The  Administrative  Agent  and any such  sub-agent  may
perform  any and all of its  duties  and  exercise  its  rights and powers by or
through their  respective  Related Parties.  The exculpatory  provisions of this
Article  shall apply to any such  sub-agent  and to the  Related  Parties of the
Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective
activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities  provided
for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.

     9.06.  RESIGNATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. The Administrative Agent may at
any time give notice of its  resignation to the Lenders,  the L/C Issuer and the
Borrower.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation,  the Required Lenders
shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor,
which shall be a bank with an office in the United  States,  or an  Affiliate of
any such bank with an office in the United States.  If no such  successor  shall
have been so  appointed  by the Required  Lenders and shall have  accepted  such
appointment within 30 days after the retiring  Administrative Agent gives notice
of its resignation,  then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the
Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the
qualifications set forth above;  PROVIDED that if the Administrative Agent shall
notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying  Person has accepted such
appointment,  then  such  resignation  shall  nonetheless  become  effective  in
accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring  Administrative  Agent shall be
discharged  from its duties and  obligations  hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents  (except  that in the  case  of any  collateral  security  held by the
Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the
Loan Documents,  the retiring  Administrative  Agent shall continue to hold such
collateral  security  until  such time as a  successor  Administrative  Agent is
appointed) and (2) all payments,  communications and determinations  provided to
be made by, to or through the  Administrative  Agent shall instead be made by or
to each  Lender and the L/C  Issuer  directly,  until such time as the  Required
Lenders appoint a successor  Administrative  Agent as provided for above in this
Section.  Upon the  acceptance of a successor's  appointment  as  Administrative
Agent  hereunder,  such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of
the  rights,  powers,  privileges  and  duties  of  the  retiring  (or  retired)
Administrative Agent, and the retiring  Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from all of its  duties  and  obligations  hereunder  or under  the  other  Loan
Documents  (if not  already  discharged  therefrom  as  provided  above  in this
Section).  The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor  Administrative Agent
shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor  unless  otherwise  agreed
between the  Borrower  and such  successor.  After the  retiring  Administrative
Agent's resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions
of this  Article and SECTION  10.04 shall  continue in effect for the benefit of
such retiring  Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related
Parties in respect  of any  actions  taken or omitted to be taken by any of them
while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.

     Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section  shall  also  constitute  its  resignation  as L/C Issuer and Swing Line
Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Administrative Agent
hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the
rights, powers,  privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line
Lender,  (b) the retiring  L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be  discharged
from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other
Loan  Documents,  and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit

                                      S-84
<PAGE>

in substitution  for the Letters of Credit,  if any,  outstanding at the time of
such  succession  or make other  arrangements  satisfactory  to the retiring L/C
Issuer to  effectively  assume the  obligations  of the retiring L/C Issuer with
respect to such Letters of Credit.

     9.07.  NON-RELIANCE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND OTHER LENDERS.  Each Lender
and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has,  independently and without reliance
upon  the  Administrative  Agent or any  other  Lender  or any of their  Related
Parties  and  based  on  such  documents  and   information  as  it  has  deemed
appropriate,  made its own  credit  analysis  and  decision  to enter  into this
Agreement.  Each  Lender  and the L/C  Issuer  also  acknowledges  that it will,
independently  and without reliance upon the  Administrative  Agent or any other
Lender  or any of  their  Related  Parties  and  based  on  such  documents  and
information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its
own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement,
any other Loan  Document  or any related  agreement  or any  document  furnished
hereunder or thereunder.

     9.08.   NO  OTHER   DUTIES,   ETC.   Anything   herein   to  the   contrary
notwithstanding,  none of the Bookrunners or Arrangers  listed on the cover page
hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents,  except in its capacity, as applicable,  as the
Administrative Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder.

     9.09.  ADMINISTRATIVE  AGENT  MAY  FILE  PROOFS  OF  CLAIM.  In case of the
pendency of any  proceeding  under any Debtor  Relief Law or any other  judicial
proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of
whether  the  principal  of any  Loan or L/C  Obligation  shall  then be due and
payable as herein  expressed or by declaration or otherwise and  irrespective of
whether the  Administrative  Agent  shall have made any demand on the  Borrower)
shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise

     (a) to file and  prove a claim for the whole  amount of the  principal  and
interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other
Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be
necessary  or  advisable  in order to have the  claims of the  Lenders,  the L/C
Issuer and the  Administrative  Agent  (including  any claim for the  reasonable
compensation,  expenses,  disbursements  and  advances of the  Lenders,  the L/C
Issuer and the Administrative  Agent and their respective agents and counsel and
all other amounts due the Lenders,  the L/C Issuer and the Administrative  Agent
under  SECTIONS  2.03(I)  and (J),  2.09 and  10.04)  allowed  in such  judicial
proceeding; and

     (b) to  collect  and  receive  any  monies  or other  property  payable  or
deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

     and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or
other similar official in any such judicial  proceeding is hereby  authorized by
each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent
and, in the event that the  Administrative  Agent shall consent to the making of
such  payments  directly  to the  Lenders  and  the  L/C  Issuer,  to pay to the
Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable  compensation,  expenses,
disbursements  and  advances  of the  Administrative  Agent and its  agents  and
counsel,  and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under SECTIONS 2.09
and 10.04.

                                      S-85
<PAGE>

     Nothing  contained  herein shall be deemed to authorize the  Administrative
Agent to  authorize  or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or
the  L/C  Issuer  any  plan  of  reorganization,   arrangement,   adjustment  or
composition  affecting  the  Obligations  or the rights of any Lender or the L/C
Issuer to authorize the Administrative  Agent to vote in respect of the claim of
any Lender or the L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.

     9.10.  COLLATERAL  AND  GUARANTY  MATTERS.  The  Lenders and the L/C Issuer
irrevocably  authorize  the  Administrative  Agent,  at  its  option  and in its
discretion,

     (a) to  release  any  Lien  on  any  property  granted  to or  held  by the
Administrative  Agent  under  any  Loan  Document  (i) upon  termination  of the
Aggregate  Commitments  and  payment  in full  of all  Obligations  (other  than
contingent indemnification obligations) and the expiration or termination of all
Letters of Credit,  (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in  connection
with any sale  permitted  hereunder or under any other Loan  Document,  or (iii)
subject to SECTION 10.01, if approved,  authorized or ratified in writing by the
Required Lenders or otherwise permitted under this Agreement;

     (b) to  subordinate  any  Lien on any  property  granted  to or held by the
Administrative  Agent under any Loan  Document to the holder of any Lien on such
property that is permitted by SECTION 7.01(I); and

     (c) to release any  Guarantor  from its  obligations  under the Guaranty if
such Person  ceases to be a Subsidiary  as a result of a  transaction  permitted
hereunder.

     Upon request by the Administrative  Agent at any time, the Required Lenders
will  confirm in writing  the  Administrative  Agent's  authority  to release or
subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release
any Guarantor from its obligations  under the Guaranty  pursuant to this SECTION
9.10.

     9.11.  INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. The Lenders hereby agree to be bound by the
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE X.
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     10.01.  AMENDMENTS,  ETC. No amendment  or waiver of any  provision of this
Agreement  or any other Loan  Document,  and no consent to any  departure by the
Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing
signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as
the case may be, and  acknowledged by the  Administrative  Agent,  and each such
waiver or consent shall be effective  only in the specific  instance and for the
specific  purpose for which given;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that no such amendment,
waiver or consent shall:

     (a) waive any  condition set forth in SECTION  4.01(A)  without the written
consent of each Lender;

                                      S-86
<PAGE>

     (b) extend or  increase  the  Commitment  of any Lender (or  reinstate  any
Commitment  terminated  pursuant to SECTION 8.02) without the written consent of
such Lender;

     (c)  postpone any date fixed by this  Agreement or any other Loan  Document
for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal,  interest,  fees
or other  amounts  due to the Lenders  (or any of them)  hereunder  or under any
other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected
thereby;

     (d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest  specified  herein on,
any Loan or L/C  Borrowing,  or (subject to clause (v) of the second  proviso to
this SECTION  10.01) any fees or other  amounts  payable  hereunder or under any
other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected
thereby; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall
be  necessary  (i) to amend the  definition  of  "Default  Rate" or to waive any
obligation  of the  Borrower  to pay  interest  or Letter of Credit  Fees at the
Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial  covenant  hereunder (or any defined
term used therein) even if the effect of such  amendment  would be to reduce the
rate of  interest  on any Loan or L/C  Borrowing  or to reduce  any fee  payable
hereunder;

     (e) change  SECTION  2.13 or SECTION  8.03 in a manner that would alter the
pro rata sharing of payments  required  thereby  without the written  consent of
each Lender;

     (f) change any  provision  of this Section or the  definition  of "Required
Lenders" or any other  provision  hereof  specifying the number or percentage of
Lenders  required to amend,  waive or otherwise  modify any rights  hereunder or
make any  determination  or grant any  consent  hereunder  without  the  written
consent of each Lender;

     (g) release all or  substantially  all of the value of the Guaranty without
the written consent of each Lender; or

     (h) release all or  substantially  all of the Collateral in any transaction
or series of related transactions;

     and,  PROVIDED  FURTHER,  that (i) no amendment,  waiver or consent  shall,
unless in  writing  and  signed by the L/C  Issuer in  addition  to the  Lenders
required  above,  affect  the  rights  or duties of the L/C  Issuer  under  this
Agreement or any Issuer  Document  relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to
be issued by it; (ii) no amendment,  waiver or consent shall,  unless in writing
and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders  required  above,
affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii)
no  amendment,  waiver or consent  shall,  unless in  writing  and signed by the
Administrative  Agent in  addition  to the Lenders  required  above,  affect the
rights or duties of the  Administrative  Agent under this Agreement or any other
Loan  Document;  (iv) SECTION  10.06(H) may not be amended,  waived or otherwise
modified  without the consent of each  Granting  Lender all or any part of whose
Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment,  waiver or other
modification;  and (v) the Fee Letter may be  amended,  or rights or  privileges
thereunder   waived,  in  a  writing  executed  only  by  the  parties  thereto.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have
any right to approve or disapprove any amendment,  waiver or consent  hereunder,

                                      S-87
<PAGE>

except  that the  Commitment  of such  Lender may not be  increased  or extended
without the consent of such Lender.

     10.02. NOTICES; EFFECTIVENESS; ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION.

     (a)   NOTICES   GENERALLY.   Except  in  the  case  of  notices  and  other
communications  expressly  permitted  to be given by  telephone  (and  except as
provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided
for  herein  shall be in writing  and shall be  delivered  by hand or  overnight
courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as
follows, and all notices and other communications  expressly permitted hereunder
to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable  telephone  number,  as
follows:

          (i) if to the Borrower,  the  Administrative  Agent, the L/C Issuer or
     the Swing Line Lender, to the address,  telecopier number,  electronic mail
     address or telephone  number  specified for such Person on SCHEDULE  10.02;
     and

          (ii)  if to any  other  Lender,  to the  address,  telecopier  number,
     electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative
     Questionnaire.

     Notices sent by hand or overnight  courier service,  or mailed by certified
or registered  mail,  shall be deemed to have been given when received;  notices
sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if
not given during normal  business  hours for the  recipient,  shall be deemed to
have been given at the  opening of  business  on the next  business  day for the
recipient).  Notices delivered through  electronic  communications to the extent
provided  in  subsection  (b) below,  shall be  effective  as  provided  in such
subsection (b).

     (b)  ELECTRONIC  COMMUNICATIONS.  Notices and other  communications  to the
Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic
communication  (including e-mail and Internet or intranet  websites) pursuant to
procedures  approved by the  Administrative  Agent,  PROVIDED that the foregoing
shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer  pursuant  to ARTICLE
II  if  such  Lender  or  the  L/C  Issuer,  as  applicable,  has  notified  the
Administrative  Agent  that it is  incapable  of  receiving  notices  under such
Article by electronic  communication.  The Administrative  Agent or the Borrower
may, in its discretion,  agree to accept notices and other  communications to it
hereunder by electronic  communications  pursuant to procedures  approved by it,
PROVIDED that approval of such  procedures may be limited to particular  notices
or communications.

     Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other
communications  sent to an  e-mail  address  shall be deemed  received  upon the
sender's receipt of an  acknowledgement  from the intended recipient (such as by
the "return receipt requested"  function,  as available,  return e-mail or other
written acknowledgement), PROVIDED that if such notice or other communication is
not sent  during the normal  business  hours of the  recipient,  such  notice or
communication  shall be deemed to have been sent at the  opening of  business on
the next  business day for the  recipient,  and (ii)  notices or  communications
posted to an Internet  or intranet  website  shall be deemed  received  upon the
deemed  receipt by the intended  recipient at its e-mail address as described in
the foregoing  clause (i) of notification  that such notice or  communication is
available and identifying the website address therefor.

                                      S-88
<PAGE>

     (c) THE PLATFORM.  THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." THE
AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR  COMPLETENESS OF
THE BORROWER  MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM,  AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF
ANY  KIND,   EXPRESS,   IMPLIED  OR   STATUTORY,   INCLUDING   ANY  WARRANTY  OF
MERCHANTABILITY,  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR  PURPOSE,  NON-INFRINGEMENT  OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT
PARTY IN CONNECTION  WITH THE BORROWER  MATERIALS OR THE  PLATFORM.  In no event
shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively,  the
"AGENT PARTIES") have any liability to the Borrower,  any Lender, the L/C Issuer
or any other Person for losses, claims, damages,  liabilities or expenses of any
kind (whether in tort,  contract or otherwise)  arising out of the Borrower's or
the  Administrative  Agent's  transmission  of  Borrower  Materials  through the
Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
expenses  are  determined  by a court of competent  jurisdiction  by a final and
nonappealable  judgment to have  resulted  from the gross  negligence or willful
misconduct of such Agent Party;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that in no event shall any
Agent Party have any  liability to the Borrower,  any Lender,  the L/C Issuer or
any other Person for indirect,  special,  incidental,  consequential or punitive
damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).

     (d) CHANGE OF ADDRESS, ETC. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent,
the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address,  telecopier  or
telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the
other parties  hereto.  Each other Lender may change its address,  telecopier or
telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In
addition,  each Lender  agrees to notify the  Administrative  Agent from time to
time to ensure  that the  Administrative  Agent has on record  (i) an  effective
address,  contact name, telephone number,  telecopier number and electronic mail
address to which notices and other  communications may be sent and (ii) accurate
wire instructions for such Lender.

     (e)  RELIANCE  BY  ADMINISTRATIVE   AGENT,  L/C  ISSUER  AND  LENDERS.  The
Administrative  Agent,  the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely
and act upon any notices (including  telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing
Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i)
such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were
not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified  herein,  or (ii)
the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient,  varied from any confirmation
thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative  Agent, the L/C Issuer,
each  Lender and the  Related  Parties of each of them from all  losses,  costs,
expenses  and  liabilities  resulting  from the  reliance by such Person on each
notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices
to and other  telephonic  communications  with the  Administrative  Agent may be
recorded by the  Administrative  Agent,  and each of the parties  hereto  hereby
consents to such recording.

     10.03. NO WAIVER;  CUMULATIVE  REMEDIES.  No failure by any Lender, the L/C
Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise,  and no delay by any such Person

                                      S-89
<PAGE>

in exercising,  any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as
a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy,
power or privilege  hereunder  preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the  exercise  of any other  right,  remedy,  power or  privilege.  The  rights,
remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

     10.04. EXPENSES; INDEMNITY; DAMAGE WAIVER.

     (a)  COSTS  AND  EXPENSES.  The  Borrower  shall  pay  (i)  all  reasonable
out-of-pocket  expenses incurred by the Administrative  Agent and its Affiliates
(including the reasonable  fees,  charges and  disbursements  of counsel for the
Administrative  Agent),  in  connection  with  the  syndication  of  the  credit
facilities  provided  for  herein,  the  preparation,   negotiation,  execution,
delivery and  administration  of this  Agreement and the other Loan Documents or
any  amendments,  modifications  or waivers of the provisions  hereof or thereof
(whether  or not the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  or  thereby  shall  be
consummated),  (ii) all reasonable  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred by the L/C
Issuer in connection with the issuance,  amendment,  renewal or extension of any
Letter  of  Credit  or  any  demand  for  payment   thereunder   and  (iii)  all
out-of-pocket  expenses incurred by the Administrative  Agent, any Lender or the
L/C Issuer,  and shall pay all fees and time  charges for  attorneys  who may be
employees  of the  Administrative  Agent,  any  Lender  or the  L/C  Issuer,  in
connection  with the  enforcement  or protection of its rights (A) in connection
with this  Agreement  and the other Loan  Documents,  including its rights under
this  Section,  or (B) in  connection  with the Loans  made or Letters of Credit
issued hereunder,  including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any
workout,  restructuring  or  negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of
Credit.

     (b)  INDEMNIFICATION  BY THE  BORROWER.  The Borrower  shall  indemnify the
Administrative  Agent  (and any  sub-agent  thereof),  each  Lender  and the L/C
Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person
being called an "INDEMNITEE")  against,  and hold each Indemnitee harmless from,
any and  all  losses,  costs  (including  settlement  costs),  claims,  damages,
liabilities and related expenses  (including the fees, charges and disbursements
of  any  counsel  (including  allocated  costs  of  internal  counsel)  for  any
Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees
and time charges and  disbursements  for  attorneys  who may be employees of any
Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any
third  party or by the  Borrower  or any other  Loan  Party  arising  out of, in
connection  with,  or as a  result  of (i) the  execution  or  delivery  of this
Agreement,  any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument  contemplated
hereby or thereby,  the  performance by the parties  hereto of their  respective
obligations  hereunder  or  thereunder,  the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and
any sub-agent  thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the
use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom  (including any refusal by the L/C
Issuer to honor a demand for payment  under a Letter of Credit if the  documents
presented in connection  with such demand do not strictly  comply with the terms
of such  Letter of Credit),  (iii) any actual or alleged  presence or release of
Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries,  or any  Environmental  Liability related in any way to
the  Borrower  or any of its  Subsidiaries,  or (iv) any  actual or  prospective

                                      S-90
<PAGE>

claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing,
whether based on contract,  tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third
party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party,  and regardless of whether any
Indemnitee is a party thereto; PROVIDED that such indemnity shall not, as to any
Indemnitee,  be  available  to the extent  that such  losses,  claims,  damages,
liabilities  or related  expenses  (x) are  determined  by a court of  competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross
negligence or willful  misconduct of such  Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim
brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach
in bad faith of such Indemnitee's  obligations hereunder or under any other Loan
Document,  if the  Borrower  or  such  Loan  Party  has  obtained  a  final  and
nonappealable  judgment in its favor on such claim as  determined  by a court of
competent jurisdiction.

     (c)  REIMBURSEMENT  BY  LENDERS.  To the extent that the  Borrower  for any
reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b)
of this Section to be paid by it to the  Administrative  Agent (or any sub-agent
thereof),  the L/C Issuer or any  Related  Party of any of the  foregoing,  each
Lender  severally  agrees  to pay to  the  Administrative  Agent  (or  any  such
sub-agent),  the L/C  Issuer or such  Related  Party,  as the case may be,  such
Lender's  Applicable  Percentage  (determined as of the time that the applicable
unreimbursed  expense or  indemnity  payment is sought) of such  unpaid  amount,
PROVIDED that the  unreimbursed  expense or  indemnified  loss,  claim,  damage,
liability  or related  expense,  as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted
against the  Administrative  Agent (or any such  sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in
its  capacity  as such,  or against any  Related  Party of any of the  foregoing
acting for the  Administrative  Agent (or any such  sub-agent)  or L/C Issuer in
connection  with such  capacity.  The  obligations  of the  Lenders  under  this
subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of SECTION 2.12(D).

     (d) WAIVER OF CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES,  ETC. To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert,  and hereby waives,  any claim
against any  Indemnitee,  on any theory of  liability,  for  special,  indirect,
consequential  or  punitive  damages  (as  opposed to direct or actual  damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other
Loan  Document  or  any  agreement  or  instrument   contemplated   hereby,  the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the
use of the proceeds thereof.  No Indemnitee  referred to in subsection (b) above
shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of
any information or other materials  distributed to such unintended recipients by
such  Indemnitee  through  telecommunications,  electronic or other  information
transmission  systems  in  connection  with this  Agreement  or the  other  Loan
Documents  or the  transactions  contemplated  hereby or thereby  other than for
direct  or  actual  damages  resulting  from the  gross  negligence  or  willful
misconduct  of  such  Indemnitee  as  determined  by a final  and  nonappealable
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

     (e) PAYMENTS. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later
than ten Business Days after demand therefor.

     (f) SURVIVAL.  The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation
of the  Administrative  Agent,  the L/C Issuer and the Swing  Line  Lender,  the

                                      S-91
<PAGE>

replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate  Commitments and the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

     10.05.  PAYMENTS SET ASIDE.  To the extent that any payment by or on behalf
of the  Borrower  is made to the  Administrative  Agent,  the L/C  Issuer or any
Lender, or the Administrative  Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its
right of setoff,  and such  payment or the  proceeds  of such setoff or any part
thereof is subsequently invalidated,  declared to be fraudulent or preferential,
set aside or required  (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the
Administrative  Agent,  the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its  discretion)  to be
repaid  to a  trustee,  receiver  or any other  party,  in  connection  with any
proceeding  under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise,  then (a) to the extent of
such  recovery,  the  obligation  or  part  thereof  originally  intended  to be
satisfied  shall be revived  and  continued  in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such setoff had not  occurred,  and (b) each Lender
and the L/C  Issuer  severally  agrees to pay to the  Administrative  Agent upon
demand its  applicable  share (without  duplication)  of any amount so recovered
from or repaid by the Administrative  Agent, plus interest thereon from the date
of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the
Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect.  The  obligations of the Lenders
and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding  sentence shall survive the
payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

     10.06. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

     (a)  SUCCESSORS  AND ASSIGNS  GENERALLY.  The  provisions of this Agreement
shall be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of the parties  hereto and their
respective  successors  and assigns  permitted  hereby,  except that neither the
Borrower  nor any other Loan Party may assign or  otherwise  transfer any of its
rights or  obligations  hereunder  without  the  prior  written  consent  of the
Administrative  Agent and each  Lender  and no Lender  may  assign or  otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in
accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of
participation  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of  subsection  (d) of this
Section,  (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to
the  restrictions  of  subsection  (f) of  this  Section,  or  (iv) to an SPC in
accordance  with the provisions of subsection (h) of this Section (and any other
attempted  assignment  or transfer by any party  hereto shall be null and void).
Nothing in this  Agreement,  expressed or implied,  shall be construed to confer
upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective  successors and
assigns permitted hereby,  Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d)
of this Section and, to the extent expressly  contemplated  hereby,  the Related
Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

     (b)  ASSIGNMENTS  BY  LENDERS.  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or
more  assignees  all or a portion  of its  rights  and  obligations  under  this
Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including
for purposes of this  subsection (b),  participations  in L/C Obligations and in
Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it);  PROVIDED  that any such  assignment
shall be subject to the following conditions:

          (i) MINIMUM AMOUNTS.

                                      S-92
<PAGE>

          (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the
     assigning  Lender's  Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in
     the case of an  assignment  to a Lender or an  Affiliate  of a  Lender,  no
     minimum amount need be assigned; and

          (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section,
     the aggregate  amount of the  Commitment  (which for this purpose  includes
     Loans outstanding  thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect,
     the  principal  outstanding  balance of the Loans of the  assigning  Lender
     subject to each such  assignment,  determined as of the date the Assignment
     and  Assumption  with  respect  to  such  assignment  is  delivered  to the
     Administrative Agent or, if "Trade Date" is specified in the Assignment and
     Assumption,  as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless
     each of the  Administrative  Agent and,  so long as no Event of Default has
     occurred and is  continuing,  the Borrower  otherwise  consents  (each such
     consent not to be  unreasonably  withheld or delayed);  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,
     that concurrent  assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent
     assignments  from members of an Assignee Group to a single  assignee (or to
     an assignee and members of its Assignee  Group) will be treated as a single
     assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been
     met.

     (ii)  PROPORTIONATE  AMOUNTS.  Each partial  assignment shall be made as an
assignment  of a  proportionate  part of all the assigning  Lender's  rights and
obligations  under this  Agreement  with respect to the Loans or the  Commitment
assigned,  except  that this  clause  (ii)  shall  not  apply to the Swing  Line
Lender's rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans;

     (iii)  REQUIRED  CONSENTS.  No consent shall be required for any assignment
except to the extent  required by  subsection  (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in
addition:

          (A) the consent of the Borrower  (such consent not to be  unreasonably
     withheld or delayed)  shall be required  unless (1) an Event of Default has
     occurred  and is  continuing  at the  time of such  assignment  or (2) such
     assignment is to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender;

          (B) the consent of the  Administrative  Agent (such  consent not to be
     unreasonably  withheld or delayed) shall be required if such  assignment is
     to a Person that is not a Lender;

          (C) the consent of the L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably
     withheld or  delayed)  shall be  required  if (i) such  assignment  is to a
     Person  that is not a Lender and (ii) the  Aggregate  Commitments  have not
     been terminated; and

          (D) the  consent  of the Swing Line  Lender  (such  consent  not to be
     unreasonably  withheld or delayed) shall be required if (i) such assignment
     is to a  Person  that  is  not a  Lender  and  (ii)  either  the  Aggregate
     Commitments  have  not been  terminated  or  there  are any LC  Obligations
     outstanding.

                                      S-93
<PAGE>

          (iv) ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION.  The parties to each assignment  shall
     execute  and  deliver  to  the  Administrative   Agent  an  Assignment  and
     Assumption,  together with a processing and  recordation fee in the amount,
     if any, required as set forth in SCHEDULE 10.06;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that
     the Administrative  Agent may, in its sole discretion,  elect to waive such
     processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee,
     if it is not a  Lender,  shall  deliver  to  the  Administrative  Agent  an
     Administrative Questionnaire.

          (v) NO ASSIGNMENT TO BORROWER. No such assignment shall be made to the
     Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries.

          (vi) NO ASSIGNMENT TO NATURAL  PERSONS.  No such  assignment  shall be
     made to a natural person.

     Subject to acceptance  and recording  thereof by the  Administrative  Agent
pursuant to subsection  (c) of this Section,  from and after the effective  date
specified in each Assignment and Assumption,  the assignee thereunder shall be a
party to this  Agreement  and,  to the extent of the  interest  assigned by such
Assignment  and  Assumption,  have the rights and  obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement,  and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the
interest  assigned by such  Assignment  and  Assumption,  be  released  from its
obligations  under  this  Agreement  (and,  in the  case  of an  Assignment  and
Assumption  covering all of the assigning  Lender's rights and obligations under
this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue
to be entitled to the  benefits of SECTIONS  3.01,  3.04,  3.05,  and 10.04 with
respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such
assignment.  Upon  request,  the  Borrower (at its  expense)  shall  execute and
deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of
rights or  obligations  under  this  Agreement  that does not  comply  with this
subsection  shall be treated for  purposes of this  Agreement  as a sale by such
Lender of a  participation  in such rights and  obligations  in accordance  with
subsection (d) of this Section.

     (c) REGISTER.  The Administrative  Agent, acting solely for this purpose as
an agent of the Borrower,  shall maintain at the Administrative Agent's Office a
copy of each  Assignment and  Assumption  delivered to it and a register for the
recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders,  and the  Commitments of,
and  principal  amounts of the Loans and L/C  Obligations  owing to, each Lender
pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the "REGISTER").  The entries in
the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and
the  Lenders  may treat each  Person  whose  name is  recorded  in the  Register
pursuant  to the terms  hereof as a Lender  hereunder  for all  purposes of this
Agreement,  notwithstanding  notice  to the  contrary.  The  Register  shall  be
available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender,  at any reasonable time
and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

     (d) PARTICIPATIONS.  Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or
notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative  Agent, sell participations to any
Person  (other than a natural  person or the  Borrower or any of the  Borrower's
Affiliates or Subsidiaries)  (each, a "PARTICIPANT") in all or a portion of such
Lender's  rights and/or  obligations  under this  Agreement  (including all or a
portion  of  its   Commitment   and/or  the  Loans   (including   such  Lender's
participations  in L/C  Obligations  and/or  Swing  Line  Loans)  owing  to it);

                                      S-94
<PAGE>

PROVIDED that (i) such Lender's  obligations  under this Agreement  shall remain
unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties
hereto for the  performance  of such  obligations  and (iii) the  Borrower,  the
Administrative  Agent,  the  Lenders and the L/C Issuer  shall  continue to deal
solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and
obligations under this Agreement.

     Any  agreement  or  instrument  pursuant  to  which a Lender  sells  such a
participation  shall  provide  that such Lender  shall  retain the sole right to
enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment,  modification  or waiver of
any provision of this Agreement;  PROVIDED that such agreement or instrument may
provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to
SECTION 10.01 that affects such  Participant.  Subject to subsection (e) of this
Section,  the  Borrower  agrees that each  Participant  shall be entitled to the
benefits  of  SECTIONS  3.01,  3.04 and 3.05 to the same  extent as if it were a
Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of
this Section.  To the extent  permitted by law, each  Participant  also shall be
entitled to the benefits of SECTION  10.08 as though it were a Lender,  PROVIDED
such  Participant  agrees  to be  subject  to  SECTION  2.13 as though it were a
Lender.

     (e)  LIMITATIONS  UPON  PARTICIPANT  RIGHTS.  A  Participant  shall  not be
entitled to receive  any greater  payment  under  SECTION  3.01 or 3.04 than the
applicable  Lender  would  have been  entitled  to receive  with  respect to the
participation sold to such Participant,  unless the sale of the participation to
such  Participant  is  made  with  the  Borrower's  prior  written  consent.   A
Participant  that  would be a Foreign  Lender  if it were a Lender  shall not be
entitled to the  benefits of SECTION 3.01 unless the Borrower is notified of the
participation  sold to such  Participant and such  Participant  agrees,  for the
benefit of the  Borrower,  to comply  with  SECTION  3.01(E) as though it were a
Lender.

     (f) CERTAIN PLEDGES. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security
interest in all or any  portion of its rights  under this  Agreement  (including
under its Note,  if any) to secure  obligations  of such Lender,  including  any
pledge or assignment to secure  obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank;  PROVIDED
that no such  pledge or  assignment  shall  release  such Lender from any of its
obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender
as a party hereto.

     (g) ELECTRONIC EXECUTION OF ASSIGNMENTS.  The words "execution,"  "signed,"
"signature,"  and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be
deemed to include electronic  signatures or the keeping of records in electronic
form,   each  of  which  shall  be  of  the  same  legal  effect,   validity  or
enforceability  as a manually  executed  signature  or the use of a  paper-based
recordkeeping  system,  as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in
any applicable law,  including the Federal  Electronic  Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act,
or any other  similar  state laws based on the Uniform  Electronic  Transactions
Act.

     (h)  SPECIAL  PURPOSE  FUNDING  VEHICLES.  Notwithstanding  anything to the
contrary  contained  herein,  any Lender (a  "GRANTING  Lender")  may grant to a
special purpose funding vehicle  identified as such in writing from time to time
by the Granting Lender to the  Administrative  Agent and the Borrower (an "SPC")

                                      S-95
<PAGE>

the option to provide all or any part of any  Committed  Loan that such Granting
Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; PROVIDED
that (i) nothing  herein shall  constitute  a commitment  by any SPC to fund any
Committed  Loan,  and (ii) if an SPC  elects  not to  exercise  such  option  or
otherwise  fails to make all or any part of such  Committed  Loan,  the Granting
Lender  shall be  obligated to make such  Committed  Loan  pursuant to the terms
hereof  or,  if it fails to do so, to make such  payment  to the  Administrative
Agent as is required under SECTION 2.12(B)(II).  Each party hereto hereby agrees
that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option
shall  increase  the costs or  expenses  or  otherwise  increase  or change  the
obligations  of the Borrower under this  Agreement  (including  its  obligations
under  SECTION  3.04),  (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar
payment  obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and
(iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes,  including the approval of any
amendment,  waiver or other  modification of any provision of any Loan Document,
remain the lender of record hereunder.  The making of a Committed Loan by an SPC
hereunder  shall  utilize  the  Commitment  of the  Granting  Lender to the same
extent,  and as if, such  Committed Loan were made by such Granting  Lender.  In
furtherance of the foregoing,  each party hereto hereby agrees (which  agreement
shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is
one year and one day after the  payment  in full of all  outstanding  commercial
paper or other senior debt of any SPC, it will not  institute  against,  or join
any   other   Person  in   instituting   against,   such  SPC  any   bankruptcy,
reorganization,  arrangement,  insolvency,  or liquidation  proceeding under the
laws of the United States or any State thereof.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary  contained  herein,  any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without  prior
consent of the Borrower and the  Administrative  Agent and with the payment of a
processing  fee in the amount of $2,500,  assign all or any portion of its right
to receive payment with respect to any Committed Loan to the Granting Lender and
(ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its
funding of  Committed  Loans to any rating  agency,  commercial  paper dealer or
provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity  enhancement  to such
SPC.

     (i)  RESIGNATION  AS L/C  ISSUER OR SWING  LINE  LENDER  AFTER  ASSIGNMENT.
Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  contained herein, if at any time Bank
of America  assigns all of its  Commitment  and Loans pursuant to subsection (b)
above,  Bank of America  may,  (i) upon 30 days'  notice to the Borrower and the
Lenders,  resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon 30 days' notice to the Borrower,
resign as Swing Line Lender.  In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer
or Swing Line Lender,  the Borrower  shall be entitled to appoint from among the
Lenders  a  successor  L/C  Issuer or Swing  Line  Lender  hereunder;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that no failure by the  Borrower to appoint any such  successor  shall
affect the resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as
the case may be. If Bank of America  resigns as L/C Issuer,  it shall retain all
the  rights,  powers,  privileges  and duties of the L/C Issuer  hereunder  with
respect to all Letters of Credit  outstanding  as of the  effective  date of its
resignation  as  L/C  Issuer  and  all  L/C  Obligations  with  respect  thereto
(including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed Loans or
fund risk  participations in Unreimbursed  Amounts pursuant to SECTION 2.03(C)).
If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender,  it shall retain all the rights
of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans
made  by it and  outstanding  as of the  effective  date  of  such  resignation,
including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Committed  Loans or
fund risk  participations  in  outstanding  Swing Line Loans pursuant to SECTION
2.04(C).  Upon the  appointment  of a  successor  L/C Issuer  and/or  Swing Line

                                      S-96
<PAGE>

Lender,  (a) such  successor  shall succeed to and become vested with all of the
rights,  powers,  privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line
Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters
of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any,  outstanding at the
time of such  succession  or make  other  arrangements  satisfactory  to Bank of
America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to
such Letters of Credit.

     10.07.  TREATMENT  OF  CERTAIN  INFORMATION;  CONFIDENTIALITY.  Each of the
Administrative  Agent,  the  Lenders and the L/C Issuer  agrees to maintain  the
confidentiality  of the Information (as defined below),  except that Information
may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates' respective
partners,  directors,  officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives
(it being  understood  that the Persons to whom such  disclosure is made will be
informed of the  confidential  nature of such Information and instructed to keep
such  Information  confidential),  (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory
authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory
authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners),  (c) to
the extent  required by  applicable  laws or  regulations  or by any subpoena or
similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the
exercise  of any  remedies  hereunder  or under any other Loan  Document  or any
action or  proceeding  relating to this  Agreement or any other Loan Document or
the enforcement of rights  hereunder or thereunder,  (f) subject to an agreement
containing  provisions  substantially the same as those of this Section,  to (i)
any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant
in, any of its rights or obligations  under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or
prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction
relating  to the  Borrower  and its  obligations,  (g) with the  consent  of the
Borrower or (h) to the extent such  Information (x) becomes  publicly  available
other than as a result of a breach of this  Section or (y) becomes  available to
the Administrative  Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any of their respective
Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.

     For purposes of this Section,  "INFORMATION" means all information received
from the Borrower or any  Subsidiary  relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary
or any of their respective  businesses,  other than any such information that is
available  to the  Administrative  Agent,  any  Lender  or the L/C  Issuer  on a
nonconfidential  basis prior to  disclosure  by the Borrower or any  Subsidiary,
PROVIDED  that,  in the case of  information  received  from the Borrower or any
Subsidiary after the date hereof,  such information is clearly identified at the
time  of  delivery  as  confidential.   Any  Person  required  to  maintain  the
confidentiality  of  Information as provided in this Section shall be considered
to have complied  with its  obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the
same degree of care to maintain the  confidentiality of such Information as such
Person would accord to its own confidential information.

     Each  of  the  Administrative   Agent,  the  Lenders  and  the  L/C  Issuer
acknowledges   that  (a)  the  Information  may  include   material   non-public
information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary,  as the case may be, (b) it
has developed  compliance  procedures  regarding the use of material  non-public
information  and (c) it will  handle such  material  non-public  information  in
accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state securities Laws.

     10.08.  RIGHT OF SETOFF.  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing,  each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates

                                      S-97
<PAGE>

is hereby  authorized  at any time and from time to time,  after  obtaining  the
prior  written  consent  of the  Administrative  Agent,  to the  fullest  extent
permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits  (general
or special,  time or demand,  provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any
time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such
Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account
of the Borrower or any other Loan Party  against any and all of the  obligations
of the  Borrower  or such  Loan  Party  now or  hereafter  existing  under  this
Agreement  or any  other  Loan  Document  to  such  Lender  or the  L/C  Issuer,
irrespective of whether or not such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall have made any
demand  under  this  Agreement  or any other Loan  Document  and  although  such
obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or
are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the L/C Issuer  different  from
the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The
rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this
Section are in addition to other rights and remedies  (including other rights of
setoff)  that such Lender,  the L/C Issuer or their  respective  Affiliates  may
have.  Each  Lender and the L/C Issuer  agrees to notify  the  Borrower  and the
Administrative  Agent promptly after any such setoff and  application,  PROVIDED
that the  failure to give such  notice  shall not affect  the  validity  of such
setoff and application.

     10.09. INTEREST RATE LIMITATION.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary
contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the
Loan  Documents  shall not  exceed the  maximum  rate of  non-usurious  interest
permitted by applicable Law (the "MAXIMUM RATE"). If the Administrative Agent or
any Lender shall  receive  interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum  Rate,
the excess  interest  shall be applied to the  principal  of the Loans or, if it
exceeds such unpaid principal,  refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether
the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or
a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate,  such Person may, to the extent  permitted by
applicable  Law,  (a)  characterize  any  payment  that is not  principal  as an
expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments
and the effects  thereof,  and (c) amortize,  prorate,  allocate,  and spread in
equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest  throughout the contemplated
term of the Obligations hereunder.

     10.10.  COUNTERPARTS;  INTEGRATION;  EFFECTIVENESS.  This  Agreement may be
executed  in  counterparts   (and  by  different  parties  hereto  in  different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when
taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement and the other
Loan Documents  constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the
subject  matter  hereof  and  supersede  any and  all  previous  agreements  and
understandings,  oral or written,  relating to the subject matter hereof. Except
as provided in SECTION 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall
have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent
shall have received  counterparts  hereof that,  when taken  together,  bear the
signatures  of  each  of the  other  parties  hereto.  Delivery  of an  executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

     10.11. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  All representations and
warranties  made  hereunder  and in any other Loan  Document  or other  document
delivered  pursuant  hereto or thereto or in  connection  herewith or  therewith

                                      S-98
<PAGE>

shall   survive  the   execution   and  delivery   hereof  and   thereof.   Such
representations  and  warranties  have  been  or  will  be  relied  upon  by the
Administrative  Agent and each Lender,  regardless of any investigation  made by
the  Administrative  Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and  notwithstanding
that the Administrative  Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of
any  Default at the time of any Credit  Extension,  and shall  continue  in full
force and  effect as long as any Loan or any other  Obligation  hereunder  shall
remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.

     10.12.  SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents is held to be illegal,  invalid or  unenforceable,  (a) the  legality,
validity and  enforceability  of the remaining  provisions of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents  shall not be affected or impaired  thereby and (b) the
parties  shall  endeavor  in good faith  negotiations  to replace  the  illegal,
invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of
which  comes  as  close  as  possible  to  that  of  the  illegal,   invalid  or
unenforceable  provisions.  The  invalidity  of  a  provision  in  a  particular
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render  unenforceable such provision in any
other jurisdiction.

     10.13.  REPLACEMENT  OF LENDERS.  If any Lender (i)  requests  compensation
under SECTION 3.04 or (ii) fails to agree to any amendment or waiver or give its
consent to any matter which has been approved by the Required Lenders, or if the
Borrower  is  required  to  pay  any  additional  amount  to any  Lender  or any
Governmental  Authority for the account of any Lender  pursuant to SECTION 3.01,
if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense
and effort,  upon notice to such Lender and the  Administrative  Agent,  require
such Lender to assign and delegate,  without  recourse (in  accordance  with and
subject to the  restrictions  contained  in, and consents  required by,  SECTION
10.06),  all of its interests,  rights and obligations  under this Agreement and
the related  Loan  Documents to an assignee  that shall assume such  obligations
(which  assignee may be another  Lender,  if a Lender accepts such  assignment),
provided that:

     (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment
fee specified in SECTION 10.06(B);

     (b) such  Lender  shall have  received  payment  of an amount  equal to the
outstanding  principal of its Loans and L/C Advances,  accrued interest thereon,
accrued fees and all other  amounts  payable to it hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents  (including any amounts under SECTION 3.05) from the assignee (to
the extent of such  outstanding  principal and accrued interest and fees) or the
Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);

     (c)  in the  case  of any  such  assignment  resulting  from  a  claim  for
compensation  under  SECTION  3.04 or payments  required to be made  pursuant to
SECTION 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or
payments thereafter; and

     (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.

     A Lender shall not be required to make any such  assignment  or  delegation
if,  prior  thereto,  as a result of a waiver by such Lender or  otherwise,  the
circumstances  entitling the Borrower to require such  assignment and delegation
cease to apply.

                                      S-99
<PAGE>

     10.14. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; ETC.

     (a) GOVERNING  LAW. THIS  AGREEMENT  SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

     (b)  SUBMISSION  TO  JURISDICTION.  THE  BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY
IRREVOCABLY AND  UNCONDITIONALLY  SUBMITS,  FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY,  TO THE
NONEXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW
YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN  DISTRICT OF
NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF,  IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT,  OR FOR
RECOGNITION  OR  ENFORCEMENT  OF ANY  JUDGMENT,  AND EACH OF THE PARTIES  HERETO
IRREVOCABLY  AND  UNCONDITIONALLY  AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH
ACTION OR  PROCEEDING  MAY BE HEARD AND  DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT
OR, TO THE FULLEST  EXTENT  PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE  LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT.
EACH OF THE PARTIES  HERETO  AGREES THAT A FINAL  JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR
PROCEEDING  SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE  AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER  JURISDICTIONS  BY
SUIT ON THE  JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER  MANNER  PROVIDED BY LAW.  NOTHING IN THIS
AGREEMENT  OR IN ANY  OTHER  LOAN  DOCUMENT  SHALL  AFFECT  ANY  RIGHT  THAT THE
ADMINISTRATIVE  AGENT,  ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING
ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING  RELATING TO THIS  AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS  PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF
ANY JURISDICTION.

     (c) WAIVER OF VENUE. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY  WAIVES,  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY
OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION
OR  PROCEEDING  ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS  AGREEMENT  OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION.  EACH OF THE
PARTIES HERETO HEREBY  IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES,  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT  PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT  FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

     (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS.  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY  CONSENTS TO SERVICE
OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02.  NOTHING IN THIS
AGREEMENT  WILL  AFFECT  THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY  HERETO TO SERVE  PROCESS IN ANY
OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

     10.15.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST  EXTENT  PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE  LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  ARISING OUT OF OR

                                     S-100
<PAGE>

RELATING  TO THIS  AGREEMENT  OR ANY OTHER  LOAN  DOCUMENT  OR THE  TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED  HEREBY OR THEREBY  (WHETHER  BASED ON CONTRACT,  TORT OR ANY OTHER
THEORY).  EACH  PARTY  HERETO (A)  CERTIFIES  THAT NO  REPRESENTATIVE,  AGENT OR
ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED,  EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH
OTHER  PERSON  WOULD  NOT,  IN THE  EVENT OF  LITIGATION,  SEEK TO  ENFORCE  THE
FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES  THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG
OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

     10.16.  NO ADVISORY OR FIDUCIARY  RESPONSIBILITY.  In  connection  with all
aspects of each  transaction  contemplated  hereby,  the Borrower and each other
Loan  Party   acknowledges   and  agrees,   and   acknowledges  its  Affiliates'
understanding,  that:  (i) the credit  facility  provided for  hereunder and any
related  arranging  or other  services in  connection  therewith  (including  in
connection  with any amendment,  waiver or other  modification  hereof or of any
other Loan  Document) are an  arm's-length  commercial  transaction  between the
Borrower,  each  other Loan Party and their  respective  Affiliates,  on the one
hand, and the  Administrative  Agent and the Arranger,  , on the other hand, and
the  Borrower  and  each  other  Loan  Party  is  capable  of   evaluating   and
understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the
transactions  contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any
amendment,  waiver or other modification hereof or thereof);  (ii) in connection
with the process leading to such transaction,  the Administrative  Agent and the
Arranger  each is and has  been  acting  solely  as a  principal  and is not the
financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or
any of their respective Affiliates,  stockholders, creditors or employees or any
other  Person;  (iii)  neither the  Administrative  Agent nor the  Arranger  has
assumed or will assume an advisory,  agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor
of the Borrower or any other Loan Party with respect to any of the  transactions
contemplated  hereby or the process leading  thereto,  including with respect to
any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document
(irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent or the Arranger has advised or
is  currently  advising  the  Borrower,  any  other  Loan  Party or any of their
respective Affiliates on other matters) and neither the Administrative Agent nor
the Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower,  any other Loan Party or any of
their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
except  those  obligations  expressly  set forth  herein  and in the other  Loan
Documents;  (iv) the Administrative  Agent and the Arranger and their respective
Affiliates  may be  engaged  in a  broad  range  of  transactions  that  involve
interests  that differ from those of the  Borrower,  the other Loan  Parties and
their  respective  Affiliates,  and  neither  the  Administrative  Agent nor the
Arranger has any  obligation to disclose any of such  interests by virtue of any
advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Administrative Agent and
the  Arranger  have not  provided  and will not provide  any legal,  accounting,
regulatory  or tax advice with respect to any of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby (including any amendment,  waiver or other modification  hereof or of any
other Loan  Document)  and each of the  Borrower  and the other Loan Parties has
consulted its own legal,  accounting,  regulatory and tax advisors to the extent
it has deemed  appropriate.  Each of the  Borrower  and the other  Loan  Parties
hereby waives and releases,  to the fullest extent  permitted by law, any claims

                                     S-101
<PAGE>

that it may have against the Administrative  Agent and the Arranger with respect
to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty.

     10.17.  USA PATRIOT ACT NOTICE.  Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as
hereinafter  defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf
of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of
the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub.  L. 107-56  (signed  into law October 26,
2001)) (the "ACT"), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies the Borrower,  which information includes the name and address of the
Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.

     10.18.  TIME OF THE ESSENCE.  Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents;
provided  that this SECTION 10.18 shall not be construed to limit or deprive the
Loan Parties of any grace periods set forth in any Loan Document.



               [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]



                                     S-102
<PAGE>







     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first above written.


                                    BORROWER:
                                    ---------



                                    COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                                    By:      /S/ Karen L. Howard
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Karen L. Howard
                                    Title:   Vice President - Finance and
                                             Treasurer and Chief Financial
                                             Officer


                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>


                                    ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED BY THE GUARANTORS:
                                    ------------------------------------------



                                    YALE INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS, INC.

                                    By:      /S/ Karen L. Howard
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Karen L. Howard
                                    Title:   Vice President



                                    CRANE EQUIPMENT & SERVICE, INC.

                                    By:      /S/ Karen L. Howard
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Karen L. Howard
                                    Title:   Vice President



                                    AUDUBON EUROPE S.A.R.L.

                                    By:      /S/ Karen L. Howard
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Karen L. Howard
                                    Title:   Manager



                                    By:      /S/ Romain Thillens
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Romain Thillens
                                    Title:   Manager


                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>






                                    LENDERS:
                                    --------

                                    BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
                                    as Administrative Agent

                                    By:      /S/ Tamisha U. Eason
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Tamisha Eason
                                    Title:   Vice President

                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>


                                    BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., AS A LENDER,
                                    L/C ISSUER AND SWING LINE LENDER

                                    By:      /S/ Colleen M. O'Brien
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Colleen O'Brien
                                    Title:   Vice President

                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>


                                    CITIZENS BANK, N.A.

                                    By:      /S/ Thomas L. Giles
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Thomas L. Giles
                                    Title:   Vice President

                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>


                                    MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY

                                    By:      /S/ Andrew M. Constantino
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Andrew M. Constantino
                                    Title:   Vice President

                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>


                                    JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

                                    By:      /S/ Cary J. Haller
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Cary J. Haller
                                    Title:   Vice President

                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>


                                    NATIONAL CITY BANK OF PA

                                    By:      /S/ Susan J. Dimmick
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Susan J. Dimmick
                                    Title:   Vice President

                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement

<PAGE>


                                    GREATER BUFFALO SAVINGS BANK

                                    By:      /S/ Ted Oexle
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                    Name:    Ted Oexle
                                    Title:   Vice President

                       Signature Page to Credit Agreement





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>subaff.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 21.1

                          COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION

                                  SUBSIDIARIES
                             (AS OF MARCH 31, 2006)


CM Insurance Company, Inc. (US-NY)
Columbus McKinnon de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico)
Columbus McKinnon de Uruguay, S.A. (Uruguay)
Columbus McKinnon do Brazil Ltda. (Brazil)
Crane Equipment & Service, Inc. (US-OK)
     Larco Industrial Services, Ltd. (Canada)
Societe d'Exploitation des Raccords Gautier (France)
Univeyor A/S (Denmark)
     Ejendomsselskabet Lupinvej 11 (Denmark)
     Univeyor AB (Sweden)
     Univeyor Conveying Systems Ltd. (England)
Yale Industrial Products, Inc. (US-DE)
     Egyptian-American Crane Co. (40% Joint Venture) (Egypt)
     Spreckels Water Company, Inc. (US-DE)
         Spreckels Consolidated Industries, Inc. (US-CA)
     Audubon Europe S.a.r.l. (Luxembourg)
         Columbus McKinnon Limited (Canada)
         Yale Industrial Products Ltd. (England)
         Yale Industrial Products GmbH (Germany)
              Asia Hoist Co., Ltd. (Hong Kong)
              Camlok Lifting Clamps Ltd. (England)
              Hangzhou LILA Lifting and Lashing Co. Ltd. (China)
              Yale Levage (France)
              Yale Elevacion Iberica S.L. (Spain)
              Yale Hangzhou Industrial Products Ltd. (China)
              Yale Industrial Products Asia (Thailand) Co. Ltd.
              Yale Industrial Products B.V. (The Netherlands)
              Yale Industrial Products GmbH (Austria)
              Yale Industrial Products Pty. Ltd. (South Africa)
              Yale Lifting & Mining Products (Pty.) Ltd.
                 (25% Financial Interest) (South Africa)
              Yale Industrial Products Kft. (Hungary)


                                       40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>eycons.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTING FIRM
<TEXT>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

            CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference  in the  following  Registration
Statements:

(1)  Registration  Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-3212)  pertaining to the Columbus
     McKinnon  Corporation  1995  Incentive  Stock  Option  Plan,  the  Columbus
     McKinnon Corporation Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, the Columbus McKinnon
     Corporation  Restricted  Stock Plan and the Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation
     Employee  Stock  Ownership  Plan  Restatement  Effective  April 1,  1989 of
     Columbus McKinnon Corporation,

(2)  Registration  Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-81719)  pertaining to the Options
     assumed by Columbus McKinnon  Corporation  originally  granted under the GL
     International,  Inc.  1997  Stock  Option  Plan  and the  Larco  Industrial
     Services Ltd. 1997 Stock Option Plan,

of our reports dated June 1, 2006,  with respect to the  consolidated  financial
statements  and schedule of Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation,  Columbus  McKinnon
Corporation  management's  assessment of the  effectiveness  of internal control
over  financial  reporting,  and the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over
financial  reporting of Columbus  McKinnon  Corporation,  included in the Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended March 31, 2006.

                                     /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

June 7, 2006
Buffalo, New York




                                       41
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ceo302cert.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CEO
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION


I, Timothy T. Tevens, Chief Executive Officer, certify that:

1.   I have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on Form 10-K of  Columbus  McKinnon
     Corporation;

2.   Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report.

3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchanged Act Rules  13a-15(e) and  15d-15(e))  for the  registrant  and
     have:

     a.   designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or caused such
          disclosure   controls  and   procedures  to  be  designed   under  our
          supervision,  to ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
          registrant,  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities,  particularly during the period in
          which this annual report is being prepared;

     b.   evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and  procedures  and presented in this annual  report our  conclusions
          about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,  as
          of the end of the period  covered by this annual  report based on such
          evaluation; and

     c.   disclosed  in  this  annual  report  any  change  in the  registrant's
          internal  control over financial  reporting  that occurred  during the
          registrant's  most recent  fiscal  quarter  (the  registrant's  fourth
          fiscal  quarter in the case of an annual  report) that has  materially
          affected, or is likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's  auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     d.   all significant  deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation  of internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
          reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     e.   any fraud, whether or not material,  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting.


Date:  June 7, 2006

/S/    TIMOTHY T. TEVENS
- ------------------------
Timothy T. Tevens
Chief Executive Officer

                                       42
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cfo302cert.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CFO
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION


I, Karen L. Howard, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:

1.   I have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on Form 10-K of  Columbus  McKinnon
     Corporation;

2.   Based on my  knowledge,  this  annual  report  does not  contain any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to
     make the statements  made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such
     statements  were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
     this annual report.

3.   Based on my  knowledge,  the  financial  statements,  and  other  financial
     information included in this annual report,  fairly present in all material
     respects the financial  condition,  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer  and  I are  responsible  for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchanged Act Rules  13a-15(e) and  15d-15(e))  for the  registrant  and
     have:

     a.   designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or caused such
          disclosure   controls  and   procedures  to  be  designed   under  our
          supervision,  to ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
          registrant,  including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
          us by others within those entities,  particularly during the period in
          which this annual report is being prepared;

     b.   evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and  procedures  and presented in this annual  report our  conclusions
          about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,  as
          of the end of the period  covered by this annual  report based on such
          evaluation; and

     c.   disclosed  in  this  annual  report  any  change  in the  registrant's
          internal  control over financial  reporting  that occurred  during the
          registrant's  most recent  fiscal  quarter  (the  registrant's  fourth
          fiscal  quarter in the case of an annual  report) that has  materially
          affected, or is likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's  other certifying  officer and I have disclosed,  based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
     the registrant's  auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
     directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

     d.   all significant  deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation  of internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
          reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

     e.   any fraud, whether or not material,  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting.


Date:  June 7, 2006

/S/   KAREN L. HOWARD
- ---------------------
Karen L. Howard
Chief Financial Officer


                                       43




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sec906cert.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO
<TEXT>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 32.1

                                  CERTIFICATION


     Each of the undersigned  hereby  certifies,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Annual Report of Columbus McKinnon  Corporation (the "Company") on Form 10-K
for the year ended March 31,  2005,  fully  complies  with the  requirements  of
Section  13(a)  or  15(d)  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934  and  that
information contained in the such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in
all material respects,  the financial  condition and result of operations of the
Company.

     A signed  original of this  written  statement  required by Section 906 has
been  provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and  furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


Dated:  June 7, 2006



                                                   /S/ TIMOTHY T. TEVENS
                                                   ---------------------
                                                   Timothy T. Tevens
                                                   Chief Executive Officer



                                                    /S/ KAREN L. HOWARD
                                                    -------------------
                                                    Karen L. Howard
                                                    Chief Financial Officer




                                       44

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
